id,created_at,text
It’s about to fill up but I’m hosting a FREE PGA fantasy contest tomorrow. Winner gets $10k: https://t.co/WiFdQziShR
RT @jbarro:

Dear World:

We don't even like soccer and we're still going to clean up FIFA for you.

Love,
America.

http://t.co/CSjEVD1DsC
 People who are too nice are way creepier than people who are assholes.
 My 3 favorite lies are ‘I’m sorry,’ ‘Just kidding,’ and, 'We should get together some time.'
Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men. - How To Be A Man: http://t.co/UJmXue1ZSI
 Fining banks is like fining your children. They eventually get the money back.
A man vs his penis is probably the funniest thing you’ll watch today, via @Gavin_McInnes https://t.co/jp2TMS02H8
“Not sure when it became socially acceptable to snap pics of total strangers for the purpose of mocking them online, but I’m glad it did.
The circumstantial evidence against Hillary is far greater than anything on Tom Brady. I wish people would get more worked up about that.
Today was NYPD Officer Brian Moore's funeral. Obama sent 0 delegates. I guess the 3 he sent to a Baltimore drug dealer's funeral were busy.
In honor of the UK election results, here’s the courageous @rustyrockets  leading the oppressed masses in revolution. http://t.co/JanNVEP5Pz
RT @lopezlinette: Thanks for sending this over boo, @gselevator --&gt; The cover of Goldman Sachs Elevator's book http://t.co/IbL3iW9gml http:…
 The vast majority of people are fucking stupid. So obviously, I have no interest in being popular.
Having a bad day? In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Today, that's worth $77 billion.
 What are these idiot activists going to do when Monsanto gets in the legal marijuana business?
 If you find yourself using the 'crazy ones, misfits, rebels' Steve Jobs quote, odds are you are none of the above.
 Dove's latest 'Real Beauty' campaign isn't brave; it's smart. Dove is owned by Unilever, maker of Ben &amp; Jerry's and Klondike.
Here's a travel weekend reminder on airplane etiquette: http://t.co/SjEA0aJlLI
A quick tour of the supercars in the Goldman Sachs parking garage: http://t.co/pqtFBHQw3M http://t.co/KHDQMrlRKR
The right one is out there for everyone. Statistically, you'll probably never find them, or fuck it up when you do, but they're out there.
 It's usually the guy in a 3 Series that thinks leaning on his horn will somehow get traffic moving.
 Anyone can pretend to be serious, but you can't pretend to be witty.
 Kids today never suffered the humiliation of their mom picking up the landline and telling them to get off the phone.
 If someone asks you a question and you don't know the answer, belittle them. It's better to be an asshole than stupid.
My first-ever Instagram is not very politically correct...
https://t.co/dfQWGjbVgv
But it will only get worse...
 Amateurs wish for Monday off. Professionals take Friday off.
LinkedIn is like eHarmony for the underemployed. - The 25 people you should avoid on Wall Street: http://t.co/ydA35ugUKI
You’re a douche if…. http://t.co/FjFWvvvPjv
 People who get engaged on Valentine’s Day don’t need a prenup. She won’t want his Xbox when they split in 2 years.
 If your LinkedIn work history predates 1990 and you aren’t currently in a Porsche near a beach, why would I hire you?
Great advice: “On Valentine’s Day, send your girl flowers anonymously. If she doesn’t mention anything, dump her ASAP.
 The people whose idea of a retirement plan is hoping for at least one successful kid, don’t usually have successful kids.
 What’s the correlation coefficient between making great coffee and having ear gauges?
 No one makes the mistake of talking to me on speakerphone anymore.
 Poor people and politicians think credit and cash are the same thing.
 Watching how someone behaves at an open bar tells you everything you need to know about them.
 No one bitched about GMOs when the seedless watermelon came out.
 Every guy should be on Christian Mingle. Those chicks will believe anything.
$15mil for a 1 bed flat, $43 hotdogs, &amp; Obama following the wrong David Cameron. The @GSElevator Weekly: http://t.co/SryiSYICrm
 I start every cell conversation with 'my phone's about to die' so people don't waste my time.
Capitalism is waiting in line for an iPhone. Communism is waiting in line for a loaf of bread. - @greggutfeld
Ski pass for Portes du Soleil is now 30% cheaper on the French side. Parking lot full of Swiss plates. On principle.
 Most people get paid not to think... and for good reason.
 Your place in history depends on what you do for others, not what others do for you.
 I want a place in East Hampton, not history.
 ‘White privilege’ is not feeling the need to rap about passports and foreign cars.
 When Voltaire said free speech was worth dying for, I don't think he was thinking about your 'brave' Facebook status.
Opinions are like birthdays. Everybody has one &amp; I only know yours because of Facebook. - @RandiLawson
 Cracked iPhone screen. Michael Kors bag. Excessive use of emoji in text. If any 2 out of 3, run fast.
What I've Learned in 2014, from @ReformedBroker, with a little help from his well-placed friends: http://t.co/nRYqYRXfxU
  Time for children to learn a valuable life lesson. Santa loves rich kids more.
“Most people wouldn't be the main character in a movie about their lives.” The perfect New Year’s Resolutions: http://t.co/lIzQdoKTsC
 Ronald Reagan always spent Christmas in DC so more Secret Servicemen could spend it with their families.
 There are people that I trust with my life, but I wouldn’t trust with my beach house or my wife.
Thx Reddit… http://t.co/0HIIzjXIqM
 If you need a Do's/Don'ts List for Office Holiday Party Behavior, get wild. You’re probably gonna get fired soon anyway.
 A 'win-win’ is when I beat you twice.
 Hooking up with an ex is like a dog eating its vomit.
 Not only did I forget her name in the morning, I forgot what I told her my name was too.
 The Greeks may have invented sex but the Italians added women.
“Some cops are assholes. The best way to avoid them is to obey the law.
Trolling I can respect: http://t.co/7aP4dq5TLq
 I wish I loved anything as much as I hate almost everything.
“I’m an 8 in a suit, a 5 without a shirt on, but a 10 with my card behind the bar.
If you have checked bags, when you land, stop at a bar and have a drink on your way to baggage claim.” - How 2 Fly http://t.co/FtVKynVSwE
“Black Friday is the Special Olympics of Capitalism.” http://t.co/kIr8RzDRhC
“Unless you’re Tupac and just got shot five times, you look like an idiot making the middle-finger gesture in a picture.
“Give a man a fish, he eats for a day. Give a man a poisoned fish, he eats for the rest of his life.
 A hot chick in yoga pants is my pace car.
 It makes me so happy seeing a hipster get profiled as a terrorist by airport security.
If you abstain from smoking, drinking, and using drugs, you don't actually live longer. It just seems longer.
This @ritholtz Bloomberg interview with Mark Cuban is well worth the listen: http://t.co/GX47lIs4zA
 I’d watch a TV show where teens describe their most popular Instagrams to WW2 veterans.
Sunday Times  - Drugs, drink and girls on tap for investment bankers in Asia’s Wild West: http://t.co/IFTnqft6a6
 The time change makes day drinking feel less wrong.
 Teach a man to fish and he'll still vote for the guy that gives him a fish.
Hong Kong is a tropical island masquerading as a legitimate city… The real-life “Patrick Bateman” http://t.co/wvGvMbQbrM
 Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life. They're not hiring.
If women really get paid 20% less for the same work, wouldn't a shareholder conscious company just hire only women?
So the Pope now understands science better than the House of Representatives.
 A basket of junk bonds has a higher risk-adjusted return than most high grade portfolios.
 Same logic applies to dating.
Want to prolong the battery life on your iPhone? Put it the fuck away when you're talking to me.
'It is what it is.' A crutch for the inarticulate.” - How To Be A Man : http://t.co/UXYqgb2w61
 Too many people are smart enough to be angry, but not smart enough to be successful.
 The only color I judge people by is the color of their teeth.
I don't want to live in an America where the Vice President's son doesn't do cocaine.” - @Gavin_McInnes
RT @tracyalloway: “Pimco was probably the very first buyside player to be a bigger swinging d*ck than the banks http://t.co/M0zpH4RLFy htt…
 There is no such thing as turtleneck weather. Circumcise your sweater.
“Opinions are like bedsheets. You only change them if it helps you get laid.”
RT @VanityFair: “You know Apple is run by men when they call it an iPhone 6+ and it’s only 5.5 inches” - @karaswisher
In life, ignore the boos. They usually come from the cheap seats.” - How To Be A Man  http://t.co/mRZFL2I8x7
 She’s hot, but not ‘risk half my net worth’ hot.
 If you hear me say 'I'll be right back' at a party, it usually means I'm leaving.
The first rule of CrossFit: You Must Talk About CrossFit.
 Every online quiz is just a variation of 'What kind of fucking moron are you?'
A taxi, two doors, and three handshakes since you last washed your hands, but go ahead and rinse off that apple.
 Don't get married until you're at least 35. You want a Trophy wife not a Participation Medal wife.
“I always use the men’s room near HR. It’s like a ghost town.” and 18 other Office Bathroom Rules: http://t.co/31tAZ16XBg
 Don’t wear shoes memorable enough to be recognized under a bathroom stall.
 Who trusts a justice system where all the smart people get out of jury duty?
 Haircuts are a great economic indicator. In bad times, it's every 8 weeks. In good, it's every 6. 
 I go every 3 weeks.
My liberal friends excited for a new iPhone, made by kids in China, from rare metals, mined by slaves, from a company that pays no tax.
The greatest nicknames for people are the ones they have no idea that they have.
Football season is the only time of year when unemployed people know when Monday is.
“Free time can be fucking expensive.
 I’ve met plenty of 6s who become 9s b/c of a great personality, but even more 10s who become 4s due to a shitty one.
 We care more about the moral character of our pro athlete entertainers than we do our priests and politicians.
The Definitive Guide to Air Travel...

http://t.co/SjEA0b0Xai http://t.co/8wIvjmeFWf
No chick is as happy as she seems on Facebook, as sexy as she appears on Instagram, or as funny as she is on Twitter.
 As a society, we’re actually smarter than ever.  It’s just that technology has given a voice to the unsophisticated masses.
 There was a time when we sent the undesirables to islands.  Now you have to buy an island just to get away from them.
 It’d be really ironic if Jerry Jones kicked ass at fantasy football.
 'Vegetarian' is an ancient derogatory term for an idiot who couldn't fish or hunt.
 I want a girlfriend strong and independent enough to change a flat tire, and hot enough that she never has to.
“You should have to earn access to the 'Reply All’ function on email.
 I leave the Hamptons on Sundays so that my family doesn't have to.
http://t.co/dgElfbGB5F
Great read. @Gavin_McInnes: Kids deprived of learning meaning of hard work  http://t.co/dFaWGcI3Ff
Summer interns sure love exclamation points! Sure thing! Will do! Let me know if u need anything else!” http://t.co/B6RJpwi6jf
Marilyn Monroe couldn't even handle herself at her worst.
Give a man a bro, he'll chill for a day. Teach a man to chill, he'll have bros for life. - @ShutUpAndrosky
Fox News panic over Ebola. 100% of scientists say not to. 

99% of scientists panic over climate change. Fox News says not to.
 Whenever someone asks how I'm doing, I usually just lie and say 'good', even though I'm doing a lot better than that.
 Ibiza is overrun by people who can’t even pronounce it.
THX! “Wolf of Wall Street, but actually about Wall Street” named Most Anticipated Book of the Fall: http://t.co/Soh4ZzdHQ8
 I just want to be rich enough to hate weekends. That's when all the riffraff are out.
Obesity and starvation are two of society's biggest problems.  This explains human nature.
 Darwin had not considered a world where smart people have fewer babies, and dumb people have more.
There is not a single justifiable reason for wearing khakis with a tie beyond the age of 16.
 I love how politicians complain about tax loopholes as if they didn’t write the laws.
RT @MarksLarks: Personally, I'd have put the author's name elsewhere on the spine http://t.co/BUVeiuWEzG” 
“I don’t post on Facebook. It’s more important for me to have a great life than it is for people to think I have one.
 Dewar's only tastes good at 30k feet.
If you toss your tie over your shoulder at the urinal, either your tie is too long or your d*ck is too short.
Anti-gambling ad in Singapore for the World Cup totally backfires: http://t.co/tIQDg2GZJ8
 The problem with most people's skin isn't the color, it is the thickness.
 If I only wanted one drink, I'd go for communion.
 Work hard. Eat right. Exercise. Don't drink too much. And only buy what you can afford. It's not rocket science.
The first-ever @GSElevator tweet was actually courtesy of the @nypost http://t.co/Fs52xgNti4
My ex still thinks she's my Cleveland.
“I’d watch a TV show where teens describe their most popular Instagrams to WW2 veterans.
“We’d be a lot less critical of women’s bodies if we had to walk around with our dicks out 24/7.
The Nigerian captain offered to refund all expenses that fans paid to travel to Brazil. He just needs their bank details.
 The fact that most people are too stupid to know how dumb they really are is the fabric holding our society together.
“All cats are libertarians. Completely dependent on others but fully convinced of their own independence.” 
If we don't sin, Jesus died for nothing.
Talent is the only thing that stands between most people and their dreams.
 No one orders cheap beer to drink responsibly.
 If you run out of things to say to a guy wearing Vineyard Vines this weekend, just quote ‘Old School.'
“You can still take clients to strip clubs, you just can’t expense it.” RT @CamillaHallNYC: Goldman ‘boys club’  http://t.co/ZfpCw2DtWZ @FT
There are probably millions of people out there that I’d get along with, but so far,  I've only met a few of them.”
 Checking your phone after someone else pulls out their phone is the yawn of our generation.
 ‘Do what you love' is great advice for making 30k a year.
 Today’s green tea cancels out last night’s fifteen beers, right?
 It's not the lie that bothers me. It's the insult to my intelligence that I find offensive.
“Saw the love of my life today… And accidentally swiped left.
“Never fly an airline where your checked bags might cost more than your seat.”

Rules of Air Travel: http://t.co/GvJLgkGz6t
 It's ok to be the lion. And it's ok to be the gazelle. Either way, you just have to be faster than the slowest gazelle.
 The most and least successful people all share the same trait: thinking they’re never wrong.
 Statistically speaking, you shouldn’t worry about what your first wife’s mother looks like.
 Starbucks employees get free tuition to Arizona State online. The baristas who went to Brown and Cornell will love that.
If her first phone was an iPhone, she's too young for you, bro. - @YikYakApp
 They just captured an 89 year old Nazi living in America.
 I didn’t know George Soros is 89.
The always entertaining Yik Yak on Wall Street… http://t.co/AUgMQpKYug
 Obama's immigration policy is going to guarantee the USA a victory at the 2026 World Cup.
 Some people assume I am quiet, boring, or shy, without ever realizing that I just don't like them.
My sample size is big enough to conclude that chicks with a Michael Kors bag are even easier than chicks with a fake Louis.
 I already know I'm going to Hell. So, at this point, it's go big or go home.
 No one liked Brooklyn before Instagram filters.
The purpose of @GSElevator is really simple - to illuminate Wall Street culture with humor &amp; insight: http://t.co/oVqK40XzZy
The Top 10 Father’s Day Gift Ideas : http://t.co/B1vynqmci1
 Some of the best moments in life are the ones you can’t tell anyone about.
 Each comma in your bank account adds an inch to your dick.
 Relationships are like a seesaw. If one of you gets too bored or too fat, the fun is over.
 You shouldn't be allowed to claim that you 'work smart, not hard' unless you clear at least seven figures.
 When I'm out w/ friends, I always pick up the tab just so I can see the look of 'Damn, I should have ordered the filet.'
“Coasters are for people who need to put their drink down.
The @GSElevator 2014 Tips For Summer Interns   http://t.co/8okdXDQU0J
 My next wife probably hasn't even started middle school yet.
The Greatest Job Advice You’ll Ever Get…  http://t.co/8okdXDQU0J
“Why do people with smartphones ask me questions that Google can answer?
 The world was better when it was run by the kids who sat in the back of class.
If you want to make a social media post about Maya Angelou, you should have to pass a quiz about her first.
 Gym couples can fuck off.
 I'm not debating the issue. I'm just trying to explain why I am right.
 Kids should know that Chris Paul's twin brother, Cliff, only makes $32,000 a year.
Money can't buy happiness but it solves 95% of the problems that make you unhappy.
If you can read, thank a teacher... If you can read in English, thank a veteran.
 Solar power has been the next big thing for forty years.
 Commencement speeches should be less “The Road Not Taken” and more “The Road.
“Hot girls will never know if they are actually interesting or not.
“My wife dresses our 3 year old son like he just stepped off a yacht.
Best license plate I’ve seen so far... http://t.co/cBvZWuUO6q
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see.” - A.S.
 I am not inappropriate. You are just fucking boring.
 I already have dummy appointments in my calendar for World Cup matches.
 If you're not dead to at least one person, you're not living right.
Husband &amp; wife had identical Piketty dinner party talking points. I miss gluten-free marathoners who love rescue dogs.
 Starbucks needs a separate line for people who have their shit together.
 The more cracks in her iPhone screen, the greater my chances of taking her home.
 Electric cars should just be called what they really are, coal powered.
 It's hard not to judge someone when their favorite movie sucks.
 I don't get intimidated by people, unless it's an Asian with a British accent.
When Goldman Sachs meets Tinder... It will suck you in. Hilarious: http://t.co/ptkmMYw0vV
 So what if only 70% of Millennials believe in a God. That’s still more than believe in a full-time job.
 Most people think freedom means getting a bigger cut of somebody else's money.
 If I get a message with a typo, I'll analyze the letter placement on the keyboard to assess if it's justified or not.
AMAZING: Via @hblodget via @DKThomp: The gain in wealth isn't about the 1%. It's about the top 1% of the 1%. http://t.co/wBqHfpNGR9
 I would agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
 If I get fired, it'll test my wife's loyalty. If I get promoted, it'll test mine.
Every bank in Asia hires offspring of tycoons &amp; party officials, but we don’t call them Princelings; we call them Dumplings.
 When life gives you lemons, order the lobster tail.
 Dinner with my wife’s friends is such a chore. It’s impossible to remember which ones she secretly hates.
RT @businessinsider: GOLDMAN SACHS ELEVATOR HAS A NEW BOOK DEAL http://t.co/LXw6FSLhBc by @lopezlinette
 My iPhone battery is my curfew.
 Is it douchey to hire midgets for my St. Paddy's Day party?
 I have a washed up jockey hold a lantern at my parties.
 If my wife offers me a blowjob, I know it's time to check my Amex statement.
Money is only something you need if you don't die tomorrow.
My 'How To Be A Man' piece with @carney is truly magnificent: http://t.co/m3A6R5DXSK
Of course I've never tried to hide... Being outed is part of the plan: http://t.co/7K77XWptWB
RT @IFRAsia: From bonds to books: meet the man behind @GSElevator http://t.co/MenLMo0sXA
RT @andrewrsorkin: @GSElevator Responds:  http://t.co/zM1JcVt5Kr
'It's time to set the record straight' by @gselevator http://t.co/7Cj6gCLsev
 The new standard of cool is hanging out with friends and not ever looking at a phone.
 I could watch fat people getting out of cars all day long.
 The NSA is the only branch of the government that actually listens to people.
The @GSElevator Essential Valentine's Day Survival Guide: http://t.co/Tb0PviM04b
 I always make sure I live in a neighborhood with the champagne socialists. No one is better at keeping the riffraff out.
 Guys who mime golf swings in the office never break 100 on the course.
 On Valentine's Day, I send my wife flowers with a card that says 'Congratulations'.
 Teach a man to fish and he'll still vote for the guy that gave him a fish.
 Went to Del Frisco's and didn't run into anyone I know. What a waste of money.
 With your Visa card, you can win Super Bowl tickets for life.  With my Amex, I can buy Super Bowl tickets for life.
 The fact that there are ugly hookers tells you all you need to know about free markets... and men.
 Happy Chinese New Year, or as we will all be saying in 20 years... Happy New Year.
 America's obese have spent 20 years preparing for this winter.
 Most celebrities barely have high school diplomas so who gives a shit what they think on substantive issues.
 If your bachelor party revolves around a big steak dinner and a strip club, count me out. I did that last night.
 1,000 credit card numbers stolen from Neiman Marcus are worth more than the 40 million stolen from Target.
 Shut up about the weather. It's cold everywhere. We're all cold. We get it.
 My personality is 30% the last movie I watched.
 Music was better when ugly people were allowed to make it.
 'Work hard, play hard' is the mantra of a drunk who doesn't work that hard.
I'm gonna open a gym that turns into a bar after January.” 

My Resolutions should be yours too: http://t.co/4lrLc1rqQF
 Liberals vilify Wall Street yet embrace fashion &amp; movie industries. We're not the ones w/ slave labor and casting couches.
 The grass is greener on the other side because it's fertilized with bullshit.
 I wish I loved anything as much as I hate almost everything.
Voted 'Best List of 2013' - My 'How To Be a Man' is a must-read: http://t.co/c7YcZrMDIc
 It's hard to believe the Italians used to be the Romans.
 Only Neanderthals resort to violence. I prefer crushing one's spirit, hope, or ego.
 My 1st wife was vehemently pro-life until my girlfriend got pregnant. 013Faves
If I only wanted one drink, I'd go for communion. The definitive guide to bar etiquette: http://t.co/57TjIaGtdn
 Destiny, Faith, and Karma are strippers in Atlanta.
 Ronald Reagan always spent Christmas in DC so more Secret Servicemen could spend it with their families. #aloha
 Don't apologize for being late with a Starbucks latte in your hand.
 One of my favorite things is when someone posts a selfie and nobody likes it.
 You know you're getting old when your friends start having kids on purpose.
Listening is part waiting for your turn to speak and part reminding yourself to change facial expressions every 10 seconds.
If u need a Do's &amp; Don'ts list to know how to act at an Office Xmas Party, go ahead and get wild. You're gonna get fired soon anyway.
 I just want to be rich enough to not be motivated by money.
 I actually thought the sign language guy's speech was better than Obama's.
 No one has a lower credit score than the guy posting pictures of himself flashing $100 bills.
My @Forbes conversation with @rtulshyan &amp; @Hope_Plumbing, on why more kids should forgo college.  http://t.co/kp6JJucqZc
In @HuffingtonPost, the Goldman Sachs guide to New Years Resolutions: http://t.co/Sv5urZk1U4
98% of people making comments about Nelson Mandela on social media would fail a history quiz on Nelson Mandela.
 When it doesn't matter how much the drinks cost, it's always Happy Hour: http://t.co/kKrDiRdhGW
33% of DJIA is 5 stocks. Gauging the economy on that is like putting the back of your hand on your forehead for a health exam.
 Most girls cannot pull off their attitude. They need to either get hotter, or be nicer.
 I'll take a girl with a sharp wit. Wits never sag.
“Why would I marry? It's betting some chick half my net worth that I will love her forever.” http://t.co/FXTZb2OWbn
 I doubt alcohol kills more people than it creates.
 My 7 is your 9, bro.
Black Friday is the Special Olympics of Capitalism. - http://t.co/FXTZb2OWbn
 The people with the loudest social media conscience conveniently forget that their iPhone is made by slave labor in China.
 Some chick asked me what I would do with 10 million bucks. I told her I'd wonder where the rest of my money went.
 I don't have an iPhone case. I'm not irresponsible or poor.
 Let's be honest. There's no way your guess is as good as mine.
 I covered SAC. No lie, Steve fucking Cohen would keep a Maybach out front with the engine running at all times.
 ACA rollout isn't Obama's fault. It's what happens when you elect a President w/o any real-world business or mgmt experience.
 You shouldn't retire until your money starts making more money than you made in your best year.
 Your place in history depends on what you do for others, not what others do for you.
 I want a place in East Hampton, not history.
 Almost time for a game of 'Robin Thicke costume or Morgan Stanley banker?'
 Some people assume I am quiet, boring, or shy, without ever realizing that I just don't like them.
 I marked 'World Series' off my bucket list last night. I obviously didn't go, I just decided that baseball sucks.
 Foreigners probably can't tell if someone is retarded or just has a Boston accent.
 When I hear, 'Got a minute?' I know I'm about to lose a half hour of my life that I can never get back.
 'Just be yourself' is good advice to probably 5% of people.
 Tattoos aren't my thing. That'd be like putting a bumper sticker on a Lamborghini.
 What's more offensive, the name 'Redskins', or a sport where a few rich white landowners have a draft to buy players to work the field?
 You'll learn. Silence is the best way of saying 'fuck you'.
 Columbus Day should celebrate the fact that America was conquered and not 'discovered'.
 When you tell a story, all I can think about is how much shorter it should be.
 Truly intelligent people don't feel compelled to talk about their IQ. In fact, I don't even know what mine is.
 The Nigerian scammers already have better-working Obamacare websites.
 The best revenge is not giving a shit.
 1. What's a 'non-essential' employee?
 Clearly the NSA doesn't monitor Facebook. That's where all the experts are solving this Government standoff.
 Start Breaking Bad. Season 1, Episode 1.
 Or... Spend the same amount of time and go get a pilots license.
 If she thinks fellatio is a Shakespearean protagonist, I don't know if I should cut my losses or go all-in.
 When someone says, 'We should get together,' I always say, 'Sure. I'll call you.' It's a lie for a lie.
 Most people are on the die tryin' end of the spectrum.
 Poor people eat so much fast food you'd think their time was valuable.
 The iPhone 5c is the cutest possible way of saying 'poor'.
RT @NYMag: Q&amp;A with @GSElevator on dating in the financial industry: http://t.co/BKeleo7BcQ
 I start every cell conversation with 'my phone's about to die' so they don't waste my time.
 If you have a good metabolism, a full head of hair, and a good job, don't marry young. Wait 10 years, then take your pick.
“I will always be grateful to Larry for his tireless work and service on behalf of his country. - Obama http://t.co/VU1ookFEXI
 The iPhone 5S is a great way for the NSA to build a fingerprint database.
 Build 1,000 bridges, and no one calls you a bridge builder. But, suck one cock....
 Uggs season. Pumpkin spice lattes. And a new iPhone... It's the white girl trifecta.
The Rules for Every Man to Live By : http://t.co/c7YcZrMDIc
A Ph.M plumber  argues many kids are better skipping college &amp; learning a skill: http://t.co/4DZKbmvq7a
 If I only wanted one drink, I'd go for communion.
 It's not the lie that bothers me. It's the insult to my intelligence that I find offensive.
 People love to hate Americans. But if it hadn't been for us, they'd all be Instagramming Bratwurst.
 In life, as in sports, the boos always come from the cheap seats.
 Pick your hero as a man. Roosevelt. Hemingway. Corleone.  I'm pretty sure they wouldn't have been into fantasy football.
 Before people are allowed to opine about Syria, they should have to locate it on a map.
 It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
 I could probably still get laid in Crocs.
 Football season is the only time of year when unemployed people know when Monday is.
 Now that 'twerking' and 'selfie' are in the dictionary, I really don't give a shit how we leave the planet for our kids.
 Flowers and an apology are a lot easier than actually changing.
 We didn't climb our way to the top of the food chain by being vegetarians.
 I'd rather be me now, than have been the quarterback in high school.
 If a person says they 'work smart, not hard,' odds are they are lazy and stupid.
 Most people wouldn't even be the main character in a movie about their own lives.
 Who trusts a system where all the smart people get out of jury duty?
 You're not on Facebook? All your high school friends probably assume you're dead.
 Nah. I'm sure they've Googled me.
 Dave Matthews 'Crash' is responsible for at least 50% of the 14-year olds you meet in Connecticut.
 Boozy weekend brunches are my reminder not to have kids yet.
 LinkedIn is the http://t.co/25lmgSsqQD of the underemployed.
 Feminists are just ugly underachievers who need an excuse for their failures.
 Fuck you and the Sarah Jessica Parker you rode in on.
 Only idiots get bored when we've all got handheld devices containing infinite knowledge at our fingertips.
 Can we please stop calling them hipsters and go back to calling them pussies?
 People are overly focused on race, when class is much more important.
 Never date a girl with a Coach handbag, unless you drive a BMW hatchback. In which case, you're perfect for each other.
 I'm saving all my Black Amex points to go to space.
 Yellow starbursts are for when someone asks for one.
 If judging people on first impressions were an Olympic sport, they'd suspect me of using steroids.
 Putin's been playing chess, while Obama's been playing golf.
 Vegetarian is an ancient derogatory term for an idiot who couldn't fish or hunt.
 I asked him what his life goal is, and he said 'to make the obituary in The Economist.'  Great answer.
 I spent $2,000 on a suit I don't need, just to impress a sales chick I don't find attractive.
 Too many people still answer the phone like they don't know who's calling.
 I don't watch 'Shark Week', I live it. #SharkWeek
 Drugs to pro athletes is like plastic surgery to actors. They're here to entertain me.  Who gives a f*ck.
 People expect far too much from their coffee. Wake up. Cheer up. Get shit done... by yourself.
 If someone has a tattoo saying, 'Only God Can Judge Me', I'm gonna prove them wrong.
 For people who believe everything happens for a reason, that reason is that they're idiots who make shitty decisions.
  What machine should I use to impress the girls?
 The ATM.
 In the event of a disaster, I'm putting on a tux. 
 Go out in style?
 To look like the most important person to save.
 If you love something, break its spirit so it never has the courage to leave you.
 If you abstain from smoking, drinking, and using drugs, you don't actually live longer. It just seems longer.
 Hipsters are just people that try to make a profession out of a hobby.
 Good thing the algorithms at American Express know I'd never shop at Kohl's. Otherwise, I'd have never found out.
 If you can only be good at one thing, be good at lying… Because if you're good at lying, you're good at everything.
 The ENTIRE pitch for Paulson's Merger Arb fund is their access to key info via close contacts w/ bankers financing the acquisitions.
 The people that need DNA tests are the same people that don't need to be passing on their DNA.
 You can get away with just about anything if you're buying the drinks.
 He's a nice guy once you get to know him.
  That's the perfect amount of 'asshole'.
 The chick working at Subway with the 'YOLO' tattoo, taking the bus home... she's living the dream.
 Too many people are smart enough to be angry, but not smart enough to be successful.
 I want a Times New Roman in the streets but a Wingdings in the sheets.
 Getting rich isn't hard. Any hot girl with questionable morals can do it.
 Vanna White was on my plane.
 Sitting next to Nelly?
 What?
 I don't measure or compare myself to anyone other than my past self.
 If you don't have an interesting answer to 'what have you been up to?', we can't be friends.
 How easily someone is offended is directly proportional to how stupid they are.
 Why not focus all this time, money, and anger on saving the 5 Trayvon Martins that die in Chicago daily?
 There are two universal languages... English &amp; louder, slower English.
 If I walk away after checking a price tag, why does a $15 per hour shop assistant give me that 'you must be poor' look?
 Work hard. Eat right. Exercise. Don't drink too much. And only buy what you can afford. It's not rocket science.
 Whenever something says, 'The first black, the first latino, or the first woman', it just means a white guy did it first.
 If you want to learn a foreign language, get an 18yr old dictionary.
 I don't read fiction. Unless you count an Indonesian bond offering memorandum.
 If riding the bus doesn't incentivize you to improve your station in life, nothing will.
 People who drive the speed limit are either huge pussies or have a car full of drugs.
 When you're rich, 'crazy' is just 'eccentric'.
 Being single at 40 is perfect. Divorcées chase me. Sweet spot for 30-somethings. Rich enough to get girls in their 20s.
 The Cheesecake Factory looks like a restaurant poor people think rich people might eat at.
 Same with anything Trump.
 Starbucks needs a separate line for people who have their shit together.
 If you can't get your shit together enough to have a single valid photo ID, why should you be allowed to vote?
 I'd love to see Snowden wearing a Patriots Super Bowl ring.
 From my experience, most people really should have lower self-esteem.
 Advice for a daughter depends almost entirely on how attractive she is.
 Kids should know that Chris Paul's twin brother, Cliff, only makes $32,000 a year
 As a shareholder, I have to ask... Is having a book section really the best use of Walmart shelf space?
 In 50 years, no one will watch baseball. It was invented when there was absolutely nothing else to do.
 I already know I'm going to Hell. So, at this point, it's go big or go home.
 Checking your phone after someone else pulls out their phone is the yawn of our generation.
 The only color I judge people by is the color of their teeth.
 In Sicily, gangsters kill the kids and grandkids of their enemies. In America, we have Reverse Mortgages.
 Hermes ties are like Air Jordans for white people.
 If the latest A-Rod allegations are true, we'll have to stop calling them Performance Enhancing Drugs and just call them Drugs.
 No one orders cheap beer to drink responsibly.
 Sure, I'll have $6 bottle of Evian with a glass full of ice made from tap water.
 Homosexuality is a win-win for dudes. It usually takes two good looking guys and two ugly girls off the market.
 Imagine the feeling of winning the lottery, and then losing everything. 
 I know a few ex-girlfriends who can.
 I made him try to get her # with, 'Hey girl, you gotta cite your sources, cuz I'm wondering where you got that figure.'
 Most things are only considered racist if white people do them.
RT @PuppetsOH: A revealing and f*cking funny chat with the man behind your favorite @GSElevator tweets: http://t.co/3jZ8AYwCaG @KateUpton
Words of Wisdom... 20 priceless tips for the Wall Street summer interns of 2013: http://t.co/fep9xKG4Cd
 Most people don't understand that God cast them as extras in this movie.
 Real estate brokers should use Groupon to see who's about to go out of business.
 There is an inverse relationship between swag and credit score.
 There's no such thing as a hopeless situation, just hopeless people in situations.
A We worked late and then went out for steaks. I got killed in credit card roulette. $1,400 later. 
MD You'll live.
 If higher taxes on cigarettes are meant to decrease smoking, what are higher taxes on business supposed to do?
 I tell every new hire the same thing. Spend that cash. No one needs a $100 million funeral.
 Or a $50 million ex-wife.
 There are no feminists when the ship hits an iceberg.
 In all fairness to extra IRS scrutiny, the Tea Party groups did name themselves after an illegal tax revolt.
 There's no telling how much of an asshole I'd be if I were Ryan Gosling handsome.
 In sensitivity training, they say we should avoid sports analogies bc they're sexist... Which seems even more sexist.
 Anyone can pretend to be serious, but you can't pretend to be witty.
 We're going to Smith &amp; Wolly's for dinner.
 Can u steal me one of those jackets?
 What the Hell for?
 Henley.
 I’m sick of 21yr olds thinking they’re special for being hot. At 21, you’re supposed to be hot. Call me when you’re 40 and hot.
 Not only did I forget her name in the morning, I forgot what I told her my name was too.
 Justin Bieber is to music what Justin Bieber is to Marine Biology.

 Doctor.
 Doctor.
 Doctor. 
. Doctor. 
#BankersLoveToQuoteChevyChase
 If I wanted to experience The Great Gatsby in 3D, I wouldn't go to the movies.
 Anyone who says 'Beer o'clock' deserves to get punched in the balls.
 I'd don't care if Bloomberg knows my favorite functions are USPO and NI ODD. As long as they don't tell Pablo.
 Don't worry, some people are their own punishment in life.
 There are only 2 paths to happiness in life. Stupidity or exceptional wealth.
 I've never said I 'hate' anyone because that would imply I had any emotion for them whatsoever.
 If there was a bigger wall along the Mexican border, natural selection would give us larger and stronger laborers.
 If you want to understand Quantitative Easing, imagine Van Gogh painting 10 paintings a day, every day, for 50 years.
 We're going golfing this afternoon. Or as I like to call it, drinking.
 I've met quite a few 6s who become 9s b/c of a great personality, but even more 10s who become 4s due to a shitty one.
 'With all due respect' is polite for 'Listen here, fucktard.'
 Why would I marry? It's betting some chick half my net worth that I will love her forever.
 Real unemployment is still abysmal. Equities power on as the flood of central bank liquidity looks for returns. Can you say bubble?
 If she ever says 'If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best,' she doesn't have a best.
 If I worked at SAC, I'd bro hug everybody, just to see who might be wearing a wire.
 I say 'keep the change' purely for my own convenience.
 No one would run a marathon if they had to sign a confidentiality agreement first.
 If no team signs an aging free agent who averaged 1pt per game, I guess it means the NBA is homophobic.
 We have street cred on the only street that counts.
Krugman orders a pizza. Guy asks if he wants it cut into 6 or 8 slices. Krugman says, '8 please. I'm very hungry today.'
 I don't care how hot she is, dumb is not sexy.
 'The Great Gatsby' looks like a two hour Heineken commercial.
 Plaid shirt, bow tie, and pocket square is the douchebag trifecta.
 I don't blame Washington. If I had a few trillion dollars at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible too.
 The Jets use the draft strategically...  to make sure they get a higher pick next year.
 Is that a brown suit? The back office is in Jersey City, pal.
 For every action, there's a social media overreaction.
 If you brag about starting at the bottom and making it to the top, you are probably still closer to the bottom.
 Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see.
 If someone asks you a question and you don't know the answer, belittle them. It's better to be an asshole than stupid.
 Guns don't kill people. Muslims don't kill people. Assholes kill people.
 Money might not buy happiness, but I'll take my fucking chances.
 Last night, a cougar said, 'Are you waiting for someone?' I nodded. She said 'Too bad, I'm rich.' Me too bitch. Me too.
 The Swiss deserve a lot more credit for including a corkscrew in their Army Knife.
 I'd like to see a little less TED talk, and a little more TED action.
 George Bush spent 8 years putting a giant 'Kick Me' sign on Americas back, yet people blame Obama. 
 Do you work here?
 16 years from now, saying 'Yo. I'm from Brooklyn, homey.' will just mean your Dad was some moderately wealthy hipster.
 Relationships are like a seesaw. If one of you gets too bored or too fat, the fun is over.
 Most people swear because they're inarticulate. I swear because that's how I choose to fucking articulate myself.
#: Putting Bill Ackman on the board of JCPenney is like putting a sanctimonious cocksucker on the board of JCPenney.
 If her profile pic's an 8, she's a 4. Move on.
 If there really was a glass ceiling, we'd let all the women work above us.
 I'm pro gun. But that doesn't mean I want my Glock to have more rights than my gay friend Geoff.
 Jay Z owns the Nets like I own Apple.
MD Keep it simple, stupid... Like 'plants eat sun and shit air' simple.
 People who always fly business class don't post photos of themselves flying business class.
 I never said I was better than anyone, just more successful.
 Wanna stay together? Spend a lot of time apart.
 Spent last night pouring champagne, feeding her dessert, &amp; telling stories of my trip to Bhutan. I've never been to Bhutan.
 I would agree with you, but then we'd both be fucking wrong.
 Guys with large penises don't need to brag about it. It's just not our style.
 The difference between Goldman Sachs and the Yankees? Well, hitting .300 isn't gonna cut it on this team.
The right one is out there for everyone. Statistically, you'll probably never find them, or fuck it up when you do, but they're out there.
 China is our landlord and we know he's beating his wife but we're 2 months behind on rent so we let it slide.
 If you need an alarm clock, you need a new job.
 Did you forget your belt today?
 I don't need one; did you forget to get your suit tailored?
MD Handshakes and tie knots. I don't have time for someone that can't master those basic skills
 I wish they would define marriage as being between me and Kate Upton.
 It's not rocket science. Hong Kong has 95% tax compliance, because it's code is only 4 pages long with a 15% flat tax.
Wynn sold repaired Picasso to Steve Cohen for $16mm more &amp; still got $45mm insurance payout. Eddie Murphy taught him that trick.
If Rosa Parks had just changed her Twitter avatar or Facebook status to support Civil Rights, the South'd still be segregated.
 I'm ready to trade sexy boot weather for cleavage weather.
 Every unemployed asshole in a bathrobe with a Bloomberg free trial calls himself a hedge fund these days. 
 Morningwood Capital.
 The only thing more impressive than my accomplishments is my résumé.
 God created energy drinks so that we know who gets paid by the hour.
 Kids today are retarded b/c they don't have to answer home landlines or make awkward small talk with their friends' parents.
 'It is what it is.' The prevailing crutch of the stupid and inarticulate.
 You look refreshed. Did you go away for the weekend? 
 La Mer. And an extra shot of wheatgrass.
 Gucci suits are like Corvettes. They're a great way of telling people you didn't always have money.
 Ten thousand assholes walk into a bar... Happy St. Patricks Day.
 You don't feed wild animals b/c they become dependent and can't fend for themselves. How's it different for poor people?
A Alcohol won’t solve your problems. A Tofu and yoga won't solve yours.
 Google Glasses look like what some geek in 1985 thought eyewear would look like in 1999.
 The fact that the new Pope loves the poor and hates contraception is a great formula for more poor.
Skirt My 7yr old daughter finally met my ex-husbands new girlfriend, so now I have to explain to her what a cunt is.
 Bros before hoes.
 People who say that usually have neither.
 How bad are people going to have to be if, when i die in 50 years, they say, 'They don't make them like that anymore.
PMD Markets go up. Markets go down. We always make money.
 I want to start an outreach program where we encourage homeless people to Instagram their food.
 A great stress reliever is sitting back with a nice bottle of wine &amp; reminding yourself how inconsequential everything is.
 If there's a hot chick behind me at the ATM, I'll always leave my receipt in the machine so she can see the balance.
Economy limps along, yet equities power on. The flood of central bank liquidity is looking for returns. Of course it's a bubble.
2 Ketel One: $36. 2 Brut Rose: $76. 2 Kamen Cab '06: $52. 1 Tokaji-Aszu: $25. Taking home the girl who drank all that: PRICELESS
 If you hear me say 'I'll be right back' at a party, it usually means I'm leaving.
 Ordering a salad at McDonald's is like going to Citi for M&amp;A advice.  Or like asking a hooker for a hug.
 My 'I'm leaving in 5 minutes' is her 'I'll be ready in 5 minutes.'
 'Sorry, I'm bad with names' is the most polite way of telling people that you are also a fucking idiot.
  I wish I invested in poverty. It's up 60% since 2001.  We did.
 Wearing a Rolex is like driving an Audi. It says you've got money, but nothing to say.
 Retards who post photos from a Vegas hotel suite on Facebook are saying, 'this is as good as I think my life will ever get.'
 The world is divided between two types of people: those who drink Mountain Dew and those who do not.
 Taxes should be regressive. It might incentivize poor people to work harder. 
 They are. And it doesn't.
 Rookie move, dude. Save it as Kapil or Amit.  Whats gonna happen if your wife sees you get a text from 'Sushi Samba'?
 The fact that most people are too stupid to know how dumb they really are is the fabric holding our society together.
 She saw 'Coming to America' in a theatre. Too old. She doesn't find 'Coming to America' funny. Too young.
 Life is my favorite drinking game.
 Right now is the oldest you've ever been &amp; the youngest you'll ever be again.
 Fuck you and your valedictorian clichés.
  When it doesn't matter how much the drinks cost, it's always Happy Hour.
 The new standard of cool is hanging out with friends and not ever looking at a phone or Blackberry.
 Nothing says 'fuck you' to your family &amp; friends like a destination wedding.
 My wife thinks alcoholism is totally acceptable as long as she calls it 'brunch' and does yoga first.
 Divorce is expensive, because its worth it.
 if you love something, set it free. If it comes back, it tried to do better, but decided to just settle with you.
 If your girlfriend wants to go see the new Die Hard movie on Valentine's Day, she's probably no stranger to penis.
 Wet socks are my own personal Katrina.
 Happy Chinese New Year! Or as we will all be saying in 20 years, Gong Xi Fa Cai.
 It's a no brainer. I'd trade my 80s to have more fun in my 20s.
 Don't show up to an interview in a Hermes tie. I don't give a fuck if you can afford it, you have to earn it.
 I never recycle. But that's just because I don't give a shit.
 No need to worry, my accountant handles that. #biggie
 Call me an optimist, but I manscape every Thursday.
 I'll shave my head if my wife gets cancer, but I'm not going to quit drinking just b/c she's pregnant.
 Poems are just gay sentences.
 80% of lottery winners go broke because 100% of lottery players are fucking idiots.
 It's just easier to tell people I saw 'Lincoln' and loved it.
 why the fuck do people with smartphones ask me questions that google can answer.
 I never thought we needed a Black History Month, until I noticed how many more racist jokes I hear in February.
  Hey. ASAP means 'As soon as possible,' not 'Right fucking now.'
 Pinterest is a personal assistant for middle class housewives.
 If today is better than y'day, you're moving in the right direction.
 Stick your Mom's Facebook wisdom up your ass.
  My 1st wife was vehemently pro-life until my girlfriend got pregnant.
The 1st bottle is for health, the 2nd for love, and the 3rd for sleep.
 Hey, do you have change for a $20?  $20's are change, bro.
 I saved Macaulay Culkin from @realronjeremy and then put the fucker out of his misery. http://t.co/NjVJKUvC
 It would totally suck if  deprived the world of the next Biggie Smalls.
 Legal abortion turns 40 today. Dane Cook turns 41 in March. So close.
 I wear a brand new pair of socks every day. That's probably my only indulgence. That, and watches... And wine.
 Who the fuck gets nervous in an interview? I'd talk about myself all day.
 I've got fat-chick-in-a-tube-top confidence.
MD Every horrible wife starts out as an adorable girlfriend.
 They're so washed up, people should tell their kids to go and Tom Brady before dinner.
. You should go to Ikea. It's good preparation for Hell.
 Whenever I lose my Blackberry over the weekend, I wait til Wednesday to say anything  so people won't assume I was wasted.
 If I ever 'check-in' somewhere on Facebook, it'll be Mt. Everest, Mars, or Kate Upton's bedroom. Not Chili's happy hour.
 Insider trading is like pissing in the pool. It sounds dirty, but really isn't that big a deal.
 I don't have the flu, but go ahead and stay the fuck away from me anyway.
 My last meal? I want to go out like I fucking came in. Breastfed.
 I spent my twenties in the office. So dating a 20-year old is how I re-live what i missed… on a much larger budget.
 Sometimes, I will apologize for farting even when I didn't just so people think mine don't stink.
 There is no such thing as turtleneck weather.
 A chick I banged once and haven't seen since just added me on LinkedIn.  She wants you to give her 'the business' again.
  if you have a job where you have to wear a nametag, nobody gives a shit what your name is.
 Fact. 50% of all American workers have less than $10k saved for retirement.  Fuck. That won't cover a ski weekend.
 Getting an idea around is as important as getting an idea.
 You can always tell which people are riding bikes for exercise and which ones are doing it because they can't afford cars.
 I won't date a girl who thinks there is an 'x' in espresso. I'll fuck her, but I won't date her.
 The best pick up line is cocaine.
 In NY, don't trust a banker with a pocket square. In London, it's a pinky ring. And in Asia, don't fucking trust anyone.
 Some of the best moments in life are the ones you can’t tell anyone about.
 Thanks Fredo.  Fuck you, man. I'm Michael.
 It seems fair. My wife would leave me if I lost my money. And I'll trade her in if she gets fat.
MD  A double-breasted suit and a blue shirt with a white collar? Was it a rough night in the water bed?
 I would admire people that can have fun sober if they weren't so fucking boring to the rest of us.
 If guns were illegal, no one would get shot. Sort of like how no one can buy drugs.
 If you ever worry about what senior management think about you, just remember: we aren't thinking about you.
 Hey fat fuck, I already know what your resolution is.
 Letting employees cherry pick sale items the day after Christmas is like insider trading for the lower classes.
#vacation http://t.co/tweTmvEj
 Dude, she's the piñata of Christmas parties. Always gets smashed, and anyone can hit it.
 Skinny jeans and a fur coat. Looks sexy as hell, but reeks of high-maintenance.  High-maintenance is sexy.
 Nobody would think that some smart, educated, and successful people would make as many jokes about the number '69' as we do.
 Sometimes I forget that I have a BMW on my wrist.
 Whenever I see an interracial couple, I always think to myself Hey, there's an interracial couple.
 The white board in the conference room looks likes Fermat's Last Theorem.  Erase it just in case it was the janitor.
 If I had a time machine, I probably wouldn't even use it.
 Fat chicks that still go to the gym every single day would make great inner city school teachers.
 Nothing is more succinct and articulate than just doing the jerk-off hand motion.
We can all agree. This guy should be illegal... http://t.co/BFzgVh21
 Seeing somebody wearing Beats by Dre headphones with a suit makes me want to go American Psycho on their ass.
 I don't engage in the debate on gun control. Apparently, thats what Facebook is for.
 Success is doing whatever it is that you love, and doing it well. 
 Fuck off, cunt.
 My tie collection is worth more than your car.
 Why do people wear wool if they know cashmere exists?
 I sent a Happy Pearl Harbor Day msg to a few guys in Tokyo. Told them I expect a Congratulations back on August 6th &amp; 9th.
 My aunt still sends me a $20 check for Christmas.  Thanks for the gin &amp; tonic Aunt Millie.
 Fuckin' bloodbath at Citi, even in Asia. 
 The world needs ditch diggers, too.
 Guns kill people like spoons make people fat.
 Almost time for children to learn a valuable life lesson. Santa loves rich kids more.
 There was a time when people would save up for things they wanted to buy.
 My idea of community service is helping a hot chick unload her Tumi from the overhead.
 It's ok if you're a lion. And it's ok if you're a gazelle. Either way, you only have to be faster than the slowest gazelle.
 The exit row. First class for poor people.
 The lottery is just a way of taxing poor people who don't know math.
PMD I was getting paid a million dollars back when a million dollars was still a million dollars.
 I went for a massage and they gave me a dude...  I almost didn't ask for a happy ending.
 I am very thankful that I have been able to make the most with what I was given. And that I wasn't born in Africa.
It's official! Greece is the new Nigeria. http://t.co/oEioQoHr
 The only problem that most people have with holidays is that they're poor.
 Trust me. There's no fucking such thing as karma.
PMD  Trust me. Bob Rubin perfected the art of faux self-deprecation. And there are few worse traits.
 China is the only country that gets to have towns in just about every city in the world.
 Knowing that you don't understand women is understanding women.  Thanks Socrates.
 Thanks to the economic crisis, bartending got upgraded from a job to a career.
 The Ritz Carlton is the Ralph Lauren of hotels. It's great, until you stay at a real hotel.
 Most of the people still bitching about Sandy don't look like they had hot meals or electricity before the hurricane any way.
 Relationships are fine, if you're into sober sex.
 People can be drug-tested to keep their jobs, but not to receive government benefits? Explain that shit to me. Please.
 if you love something, buy more than one.
 A new paradigm is usually just a bubble that hasn't popped yet.
 Wives &amp; Girlfriends are temporary. Ex-Wives &amp; Ex-Girlfriends last forever.  Who said that?  Kenny Powers.
 And sometimes, people who don't say much, don't say much for a reason.
 These idiots won't understand hyperinflation until it takes $100 in food stamps to trade for a bottle of gin.
 Kick the tires and light the fires, Israel. No point in waiting for a supportive US president now. Go Nuke Iran.
 Some people are cheering so loudly, you'd think OJ was acquitted again.
 They should rename the NY Marathon, 'The Hunger Games.'
Nice try, God. http://t.co/9qyn6mKL
 I hope this storm doesn't affect my bonus.
 The only time I am pro-Obama is when I'm talking to some dumb PR chicks.
  If I could choose between world peace and a reasonable fortune, my first Lambo would be orange.
 I'd rather titty-fuck Al Sharpton than watch the debate.
 A goal without a plan is just a wish.
 You fag. I saw ESPN last night too.
 Haircuts are the ultimate economic indicator. In bad times, it's every 8 weeks. In good, it's every 6.  I go every 3 weeks.
 Masturbating is winning the battle but losing the war.
 Obama loves America like OJ loved Nicole. #Obama2012.
 I'd marry for money. And I already have money.
MD What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? 
A No clue.
MD You can't take a joke.
 It's drizzy outside, expect a Lil Wayne.
 I feel like this economy has really hit the average-looking girls the hardest.
 I don't care if she's faking her orgasms, because I'm pretending she's someone else.
 The cheapest facelift is a smile.
 Thuck my penith.
 Remember that feeling you felt right before asking some chick to prom? I never got that feeling. 
 So you were a badass or a loser?
 When life gives you lemons, order the lobster tail.
 I'd prefer a chick who pretends to love giving blowjobs instead of pretending to care about football.
 When he retires, I'm gonna pay Ray Lewis give pep talks before IPO bake-offs.
 The best thing about being a pathological liar is having a ginormous cock.
 Obama could solve the black unemployment crisis simply by listing 'boss' as a status option.
 You can never awaken a man who Is pretending to be asleep.
 If you want to die rich, abide by The 3 F's. If it Flys, Floats or Fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
 Honestly, a Xanax, an Ambien, and 4 glasses of wine equals a perfect night for me.
  Blacking out is just your brain clearing it's browser history.
 Gangnam Style!
 Saw that shit in July, dude.
 AAPL says the US doesn't have workers w/ the skills to make iPhones.  It takes a lot of skill to survive on 70¢ an hour.
Israel mulling, China cracking, Muslims attacking, EU stagnating, Brazil reversing, QE3 inflating, oil spiking... Equity markets rising!
 A basket of junk bonds has a higher risk-adjusted return than most high grade portfolios.
 Same logic applies to dating fat chicks.
 My next wife probably hasn't even started middle school yet.
 The word 'arbitrage' is misused almost as much as the word 'hedge'.
 Science is catching up with my destructive lifestyle. I don't need wheatgrass, just a new liver in about 15 years.
 Am I the only person that admires Lou Pai?
 It must be so easy in London to tell who the back office guys are. #ElloMate
 It doesn't matter if its Vegas or Miami. But every couple of months or so, I need a trip to let a little bad out.
 I just need something to get me from A to B... Like a fucking rockstar.
 Soccer moms in Ohio can shut the fuck up about 9/11 on Facebook. I lost actual friends.
 I sent Morgan Stanley my resume.  Why?  So i could reject them again.
 I love how girls pay attention to how I treat the waiter on a date b/c fucking Cosmo says its a sign. 
 Chicks are so dumb.
 AIGs bailout repayment netted taxpayers a $12 billion profit.  Where's the money from those union cocksuckers in Detroit?
 I got retarded. Bill was $7k. I tipped 50% and signed it 'Nate Higgers'
 Dude, Sell AAPL. iPhone 5 upside priced in. And fuck the China play; China Mobile's 700mm subscribers are peasants with prepaids.
 Who buys a $40k Ford Taurus? If you're poor like that, just get a 3 Series BMW.
 Flying squirrels must get all the squirrel pussy. Think about that, hotshot.
A No offense, but Asian dudes who use words like 'dawg' and 'playa' sound retarded.
A You been sippin' on the Haterade?
 Relationships are like football. If you look hard enough, you could throw a flag on every play. But you don't.
 No question. The Contest.
  The Merv Griffin Set.
 The Jimmy. 
 The Voice.
 Atheists annoy me and Jesus freaks scare the shit out of me. So I guess that puts me somewhere in-between.
 How did recycling not get left in the 90s, along with the hole in the Ozone Layer and AIDS.
 I don't have a problem controlling my drinking if I choose to go out and lose control from time to time.
 3 Bud Light Platinums is like 5 normal beers for a chick. The difference could mean a blowjob. #NFL #Sponsored
 One of the biggest problems with todays society is that we've run out of colonies to send our undesirables to.
 Phil Falcone's wife got her DWI in a 7-year old Benz.
 So? I drive a '96 Defender in the Hamptons.
 I still asked for next day service when I dropped my linen shirts off at the cleaners.
 The RNC has called my house 10 fucking times for money. One more and I'm voting Obama.
 You still have a home phone?
 Most people don't leave NYC by choice. They can't hack it or can't afford it.
 At various points in life, I've been the bully and the bullied. And I'm better off for it. Kids today need to sack up.
 Drinking is bad, but feelings are worse.
 '50 Shades of Yellow' is just Eduardo Saverin banging different Singaporean chicks.
 Obama would be the kid who runs out the clock in Madden football.
 Don't worry ladies, these drinks are on Goldman Sachs.
 I was in the foursome behind Stan O'Neal on the Vineyard last weekend... Pulled out the big stick and drove into the fucker.
Skirt  I can always tell a banker within the first 2 minutes of meeting him in a bar... because he tells me.
 I don't care if any one comes to my funeral. It's not like I'll be there.
 If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
 Most people who use the term 'tail risk' have no clue what it means.
 Speaking of which, I heard  has HPV.
 I've hated everyone I've ever met who owns a Prius.
 It's not like we're all Michael Jordan. Every great team needs a Rodman or Steve Kerr. Know your place, or go be the Jordan of Citi.
 Tony Soprano smoking a cigar looks cool. A twenty-something investment banker? Not so much.
 Low calorie diets or limited booze. That's all fucked up. It's the life in your years, not the years in your life.
 Each comma in your bank account adds an inch to your dick.
  The Hong Kong Handshake... Just making sure it's not Vineyard Vines.
 I pretend to love the person she pretends to be.
 There is no QE3 coming from Jackson Hole. With the idiocy of the fiscal cliff looming, the Fed has to save bullets.
 You can't make this shit up. My one black friend on Facebook is at the Republican convention.
 I'm always rooting for the hurricane.
 I just got hit in 50MM… Time for breakfast. #BSD
Bloomberg Viral of the day... http://t.co/Ii7qNJhC
 Rappers have been investing in gold and diamonds for years.
A Maaaatt Daaaaamon A Maaaatt Daaaaamon 
 I'm glad I played Little League before all this bullshit about sportsmanship. Pussies.
A No lie. A Playstation probably saves me $100k a year in partying.
 It would be ironic if Jerry Jones kicked ass at fantasy football.
 FYI… Every time one of you says 'epic', all I hear is 'fucking stupid'
 Did you just say 'Yo!'?  : I'm a trader. Different rules, homie.
 I always explain diminishing marginal utility in terms of cars, watches, or women.
 My GF asked me if backwardation is a sexual thing.  There's a keeper.
 Trust me. Liars don't trust anyone.
 If you want a friend, get a dog. If you want a friend with benefits, find some chick who's in PR.
 Romney's the type of asshole who uses chopsticks at the table even when the Chinese people are using forks.
 Wall Street is a gateway drug.  Half of my friends have some kind of substance abuse problem.
 I won't talk to my wife during the day until she's Instagrammed her 3rd glass of wine.
#RichKidsofInstagram, Sumatra http://t.co/afpI3mj2
 Splitting checks is grotesquely uncouth. If you're poor, but somehow still cool, I'm happy to pick up the tab.
 Morgan Stanley has more to prove than Lenny Kravitz leaving a tip.
 I would pay like $500k to watch the Kardashians play Scrabble.
 I could never date a girl with implants.  Insecurity is just not sexy.
 Really?
 Nah. I'm just fucking with you.
 My only flaw, if I have one, is that I can sometimes be a little bit racist.
ED Look. At the end of the day, it is what it is. 
MD Shut the fuck up.
 Do as I say because you can't do as I do.
 Dude, guess who was on my plane from London?
 No thanks.
A The waiter gave her the menu without the prices on it.
A Now that fucker owes you a blowjob.
 If you don't care enough to get your shirts tapered, I don't want you drafting an offering memorandum.
 I keep my Lichtenstein in Liechtenstein.
 What dumbass thinks $350 is a lot for a bottle of wine at a nice restaurant?
 The kid in China whose job it is to assemble hummingbird feeders must think we're such assholes.
 My life is like playing Call of Duty on Easy. I just go around and fuck shit up.
 Getting fired from Goldman is like being traded by the Yankees. You'll probably still make millions, but it's not the same.
 There's no such thing as insider trading in real estate.
 Thanks, Boss Tweed. 
 Fuck you.
 Central Park is the 19th century's greatest work of art.
 My liver must look like Oprah without makeup.
 Donald Trump has a guy on his payroll whose job it is to add 'billionaire' before his name everywhere it appears on Wikipedia.
 I wondered why people hate Yanks. But then I saw 'Pearl Harbor' trending after USA women's football win vs Japan.
 It's soccer, dude.
 Buying MANU is legalized sports betting. Any near-term gain will come from the financial benefits associated with winning trophies.
 Mars looks like a shithole.
 I offered to pay some kid in the Beijing office $100 just to Google Chinese Government Swinger Party Photos.
 We should elect Radio Shack's CEO as President. Only a miracle worker can keep a shitty battery store in business for 30yrs.
 If a chick is going to the Hamptons this weekend, she'll bring it up.
 It's worse than vegans talking about yoga.
 The Man U valuation is moronic, and w/o voting rights or debt repayment. 
 Another game of 'how dumb is retail?'
 Inflation figures that don't include food and energy... That's like not counting beer as drinking.
 I'm afraid at these levels. I feel like we're approaching an inflection point. 
 I'm hedged. 
 How so?
 Extremely rich.
 I never give money to homeless people. I can't reward failure in good conscience.
 I'm not saying Barack Hussein Obama is a Muslim, but what if my name was Yoel Abraham Glickstein and I said I wasn't a Jew?
DCM A I get paid more than anyone at NASA for using the Find and Replace function in PowerPoint.
 Ted Kennedy is coming up on 3 years clean and sober now.
 So this chick says, 'Rich guys and bankers are a dime a dozen in New York.'
 And so are hot chicks.
 Laughter's probably the best medicine that's not alcohol or medicine.
 Over-promising a client is like lying to a girl about the size of your cock.  It works if you only want to fuck them once.
  If Robert Kardashian hadn't gotten OJ off, eventually one of his daughters would have.
 Most of the medals might as well say 'Congratulations on wasting your life perfecting a worthless skill.'
 'Policy purgatory.' This is the first time I've ever agreed with Dirty Sanchez at PIMCO.
 I'm with Obama. They didn't build their businesses without help from people like us.
 Groupon… Food stamps for the middle class.
 You're going to Hell in just about every religion.
 First class, baby...
A : I fucking wish she was bipolar.  At least then, she'd occasionally be happy.
 The Olympics really helps me keep all of my stereotypes updated.
According to Chick-Fil-A, traditional marriage should only be between an obese woman and a diabetic man.
MD Don't get married, dude. Marriage is watching someone you love slowly disintegrate. But perhaps, I am romanticizing it.
 It's somewhat forgotten nowadays. But in hindsight, Enron wasn't really that big a deal.
  Definitely gay. His 'EBITDA' sounds more like 'Ibiza.'
 MD : Get me a skinny latte and whatever you want. And ask her to give you a frappy ending.
 I don't understand all those Olympic tattoos. It's not like I have a Goldman Sachs tattoo.
 A New Daytona. Nice!
A Money is only something you need if you don't die tomorrow. 
 There's nothing pretentious about keeping a tie journal. It keeps me on a solid 10-12 week rotation.
 I've never played a friendly game of anything.
 Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, you have boobs.
 I hope Michael Phelps gets a ton of Olympic Village pussy in the next 2 weeks. Because it's all downhill for him after that.
 Great Britain, a country that has been on a managed decline since 1945, has no choice but to embrace mediocrity.
 People who Facebook check-in to First Class lounges should be forced to drop trou and show their tiny peckers.
 XXX Olympic Games is so misleading.
 It's not from the benevolence of the butcher or baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
 Kanye?
MD Hey, go ask Sandy Weill what was a better taxpayer investment, Goldman Sachs or General Motors?
  Riding the subway reminds me why I am pro-choice.
 Paying people to do shit for you has gotta be far more satisfying than owning slaves.
 I have a white housekeeper.
 My closet has 50 shades of grey.
 I'd acclimate to Hell. At a point, hot just becomes the norm. And then I can just focus on hanging with Frank, Sammy, and Dean.
 If you need to use the bathroom on the Delta Shuttle, you're a fucking idiot.
 Twitter makes no sense to me.  It's a great news filter.  I don't care what P Diddy had for breakfast.  That was 2008 Twitter.
 China supposedly cracking, yet property credits have returned 25% YTD.
 Retail bid. Same morons that bought Lehman mini bonds.
A I don't care. I work 14 hour days.
A I don't care either. That's why I don't.
 Not much is sexier on a girl than a year round flip-flop tan.
MD  I haven't read 'Fifty Shades of Grey' but it does make me want to go on recruiting trips again.
 The best part about dating younger chicks is that they've never seen Caddyshack, Fletch, or Spies Like Us.
 YOLO is poor for carpe diem.
 Smoking doesn't make you look cool, but it's a start.
 I always get my dog bathed in my most recent ex's shampoo.
  EDs don't drive Aston Martins to work, mate. Show some humility.
 My driver was sick.
 The best indicator of a China slowdown is the improvement in the air quality in Hong Kong.
 You'll never feel special if 100% of your friends are in the top 1%.
 16 murders in 5 days in NYC.
 It'll get better once the Big Gulp ban kicks in.
 If Obama is the answer, I don't understand the question.
 Coffee makes u live longer, so u can spend the extra years waiting in line at Starbucks.
 U dumb fuck. I read New York magazine too.
 We're like Ron Jeremy. We work hard, people are disgusted by us, but most guys are jealous of what we've got.
 If I could go back to high school now, I'd be so cool.
 And overweight.
PMD  This is the longest game of kick the can down the road ever...
 The only time I show my softer side is when I'm too drunk to fuck.
 Mitt Romney is a real conservative… just like George W. Bush was a real cowboy.
 Nothing says 10th man on the deal team like using a Blackberry on a treadmill.  I leave mine on my desk.  Strong.
  Arabs do nothing to benefit mankind.
 Besides blowing themselves up and putting their ugly women in burqas.
  Am I the only person who rooted against Robin Hood, the world's first thug communist?
  How come people on our website look like a UN convention, but our lobby looks like Greenwich Country Day?   Amen.
 I know I'll never be the next Soros. My first job was as a caddy, not selling the names of fellow Jews to the Nazis.
 The repo desk? That's pretty much our Equities in Dallas.
 Bernanke rearranged the deck chairs on the Titanic again.
 Listening to Obama talk about the economy is like listening to a chick talk about football.
 People who are in position to, or smart enough to solve the European debt crisis don't have the time to debate it on Facebook.
Skirt  Whenever I get stressed, I go shoe shopping.  . Suit  : Obviously not for running shoes.
 Hell no, I don't want kids. If I wanted little fuck trophies, I'd save my used rubbers.
 My back is killing me.   You really should have the same mattresses in the Hamptons and the City.
 Don't call me racist until you try taking Korean clients to a Japanese restaurant.
MD This place is a daily battle between front-of-the-classroom and back-of-the-classroom mentalities.
 It's a misconception that Jewish chicks don't give good head. You just have to wait until they are about 35 and still single.
 Being spotted in economy class must be like having your parents visit you at boarding school in a shitty rental car.
  I wake up every day ready to bite the ass off a bear.

 If you can't use Excel without a mouse, keep your résumé updated. 390 Greenwich is just down the street.
 The only thing more badass than you being yourself, is you being me.
 Once my girlfriend starts looking more like Posh Spice, I'll let her start spending more like Posh Spice. 
 Dude, aim higher.
 Whenever I see a black guy with my last name, I can't help but wonder if my family used to own his.
 
 All-time yield lows, spread product selling, swap spreads      
pushing wider &amp; Europe still fucked. I've seen this movie before.
 It's the first time anything's ever gone down on Mark Zuckerberg.
 Anchorman 2... Because Morgan Stanley d-bags need something to quote before they high-5 each other.
 I heard the Euro was spotted at DisneyWorld wearing a Make-A-Wish T-shirt.
 If people never trust a skinny chef, they shouldn't want their bankers to be poor.
 Woman shouldn't be allowed to play golf on weekends. I'm not sexist, but they're just too fucking slow.
 I'd never even pretend to be a vegetarian, even to get laid. 
 Those chicks are ugly anyway.
 I drive better drunk. I go the speed limit. I concentrate. And I don't use my Blackberry. 
 The new S-class drives itself.
 Skirt  Singapore Airlines does an All-Business Class direct flight.
MD  Where the Hell am I going to sit?
 : Fuck you. You threw in the towel at 10pm on Friday, and then took 2 days off.
  Come one man, this is Asia. At Deutsche, Michael Luk sent an analyst to Jakarta with a Birkin bag to win a HY mandate.
 The Beastie Boys got Jewish girls into rap music. 
 Gateway to black dudes.
 MD Simple rule. Act like you've been there before. And that applies to everything in life.
 My Amex is my man card.
 A guy came up to me at the gym and asked me what event I was training so hard for. Life, motherfucker.
 Vegetarians and homos all seem to think the rest of us give a shit about what goes in their mouths.
 Is it pronounced nihilist or neilist?
 It wouldn't matter, would it?
 If you aren't narcissistic, then you must just be too boring to give a fuck about.
 I fucking hate when people talking about giving it 100%. Why would anything less ever be conceivable?
 Girls have another few weeks to find a guy with a summer place in the Hamptons. Come May, it's borderline prostitution.
 It's only racist if it's not funny.
 Seriously… that idiot hedging an oddlot position with futures is like a fat chick buying a rape whistle.
 My son doesn't look like George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin. He looks like a kid in a Ralph Lauren ad.
 Social smokers need to grow the fuck up.
 The most expensive suit is the one you only wear once. But my seersucker only comes out on Easter, and is fucking priceless.
 Nothing says douchebag quite like wearing an Augusta golf shirt when the Masters are on.
Trader  What do you mean the market is showing this number? Bullshit... Because I am the market.
 Obama's plan for green energy and recycling is simply giving money to his buddies.
 Those who can do, do. Those who can't, work at Morgan Stanley.
 I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.
Associate to Analyst: My Tuesday night is your Friday night.
ED to Associate: My bar tab is your paycheck.
 Abortions are just expensive condoms.
Suit : Yes… Yes… I know… Yes… Ok, you too… Bye. . Jesus Christ, I hope my next wife doesn't do this.
 If life's a game, money is how you keep score.
 My only inter-racial experience was with a black sock. Once.
 I'm pretty sure I've been scammed before. I'm just too rich to notice.
 If you distrust paper money, why would you buy paper commodities?
 Magazines dedicate entire issues to 'Women in Business.'  How much can you write about secretaries?  : Kidding.
 I actually like watching CNBC. It's as if The Wall Street Journal got fucked by ESPN2.
 Every time I see a guy with a pinky ring, I want to stab him in the eye with his fountain pen.
 Blue shirts with white collars should come monogramed with CUNT.
 My spank bank is too big to fail.
 Every guy I know has paid for sex. One way or the other.
 The next President will have to eat on paper plates once Michelle Obama gets done looting.
 Now we know what it's like being Citigroup, operating in a permanent state of damage control.
 The media sucks. Greg Smith was an Executive Director, not an 'executive'. Besides, I made ED at 28.
 Homo.
 Diversity, to an Indian, is hiring a Paki.
 I bet Greg Smith doesn't know shit about 'guy code' either.
 I'm in the top 1% because I want the best for my family. What does that say about the 99%?
 I haven't split a restaurant bill since prep school.
 I love it when someone starts a sentence with 'When I was at Goldman Sachs'... Well, you aren't at Goldman Sachs now, cocksucker.
 You know TV reporters are full of shit when they transition from NBA to WNBA highlights without losing enthusiasm.
 People who leave a Vail lift ticket on the zipper should work at Morgan Stanley.
 Know the difference between a buy-side and a sell-side guy? The buy-side guy says 'Fuck you' before they hang up the phone.
 'Thank you', 'I'm sorry', and 'Fuck off' all mean pretty much the same thing to me.
 Greece didn't understand derivatives? Whats next? Barney Frank didn't know what a CDO is?
 You know what his definition of ATM is?
1. So all of a sudden, high oil prices aren't due to evil speculators... It's a sign of a robust economic recovery.
 Old people read the obituaries for the same reason I read Forbes.
 I've never lost at anything. Except for drinking games, but that was on purpose.
 He's really wearing squared toed shoes...
 Wait, it's intern season already?
 Without question, Michael Milken has done more for humanity than Mother Teresa.
 Stereotypes are probably 85-90% accurate.
 Oil is dropping on weak US demand. 
 Must be all those Chevy Volts people are buying.
 Anyone in Michael Lewis' analyst class who stayed in banking is probably 10x richer than that fucktard.
 I would totally convert to Judaism for Natalie Portman.
 I already did. But that was just to get promoted.
 The Oscars is the Super Bowl for fags.
 : There's a reason why it's called Wall Street and not Canary Wharf or the City, mate! 
 I bought the apartment next to mine and merged them.  Now I have two keys to the park.
  I don't care if I get shot down 8 out of 10 times. I'm still getting laid twice. 
 I pick up my 458 Italia on Tuesday.
 You need to save some stuff for your mid-life crisis.
 Jeremy Lin is from China like Michael Jordan is from the Ivory Coast. Make up your fucking minds.
 Holding German debt is like holding the driest turd.
 The best response to 99% of all milestones, good or bad, is usually, 'Let's get fucked up.'
 I saw @PiersMorgan at the Mandarin Oriental. His head is ginormous.
 He's a douche.
 What most people would call the greatest night of their lives, I call just another Friday.  Or a Wednesday.
 Asian girlfriends are just whores who get paid in Louis Vuitton.
 Profits, not market share. We're not Citigroup.
 Linsanity is destroying my basketball league. Every Asian kid thinks they're 6 inches taller all of a sudden.
 If she saw The Bodyguard in a movie theatre, then she's definitely too old for me.
 My threshold is The Sixth Sense.
  I got a job at McKinsey, the Goldman of consulting.
 I got a job at Goldman, the fucking Goldman of banking.
 Obama wants to raise taxes on people making $250k a year.
 : Why is he raising taxes on the poor?
 She wrote a poem and gave me a spa certificate for 'us'.
 Fucking lame. That's like giving cash. And poems are just gay sentences.
 Being held accountable for selling Indonesian corporate bonds is like getting busted for prescribing OxyContin in Hollywood.
 All I have to do is glance at my Blackberry, and my wife rolls her eyes and then shuts up. It's awesome.
 The biggest lie my mom ever told me was that drinking is only an acceptable hobby for poor people.
 My life feels like a Woody Allen movie.
 That's because you're a cynical, undersexed Jew.
 Jew would've sufficed.
 If you buy into a Greek austerity deal, then I know a stripper who'll still like you even when you run out of cash.
 We're too connected to fail.
 The goal is to eventually not give a shit. Sam Walton drove an old Chevy.
 Yeah. Look at Buffett.
 No. He's a douche. 
Asian guy  'Seeing Jay Z tonight. Carnegie Hizall.'
Asian guy  : 'Jigga whaaaat.' 
 You can always tell an ex-Lehman guy by the chip on his shoulder.
 The tuna population can't support a middle class.
 Fat and bald is so much easier for black guys to pull off.
 The last time the Giants beat the Pats in the Super Bowl we had Bear Stearns in March and Obama win in November.
 It's amazing that this whole thing started with Barney Frank giving poor people houses they cant afford.
 The closest most people come to Pebble Beach is Tiger Woods golf on PS3.
 I've birdied Sawgrass No. 17 twice.
 Sober girls are the worst. So are really drunk ones... The sweet spot is 4 white wines and a Zanny.
 I never thought about shorting this market here. But now that I'm hearing 'Four more years, I just might.
 We need a car congestion charge like they have in London.
 Less traffic and fewer poor people in shitty cars. Win-win.
A What do you trade?
MD Size.
 Between subways, taxis, and doors, the average person indirectly touches 24 penises a a day.
 So I'd be 8. Not bad.
 If Bernanke keeps this shit up, I really will be lighting my cigars with hundred dollar bills.
 My Chinese name is Ho Li Kau. 
 Should be Yew Fat Kok.
 Good morning.
 Memento mori.
  She had a Varsity helmet, but a JV jersey.
 Facebook or no Facebook, we still pay better than Morgan Stanley.
 That's the only scoreboard that matters.
 Dude, cuffed pants are for limo drivers and waiters.
 They've had 16 Greece summits in two years. 
 That's about 12 more than Reagan & Gorbachev had. 
 They went after Milken with a RICO but Corzine gets nothing?
 That's M-F'ed up.
 I thought there'd be worse nicknames to have for a girlfriend, but she didn't find The Warden funny at all.
 A Blackberry and a 6-figure paycheck is the crutch that single chicks call a career. 
 That facade crumbles at 30.
 The best interview question I've never asked… Whats your Make-A-Wish wish?
 Affirmative action doesn't bother me. It's not like I could have done much better than Harvard and Goldman Sachs.
 All I know is that Morgan Stanley was left-lead on Groupon.  And that was a fuckin' shitshow.
 My brother-in-law actually asked me what my bonus was.  Why would the fucker do that to himself?
 Work life balance is such bullshit.... Between work, sleep, and blacking out, I pretty much wrote off my 20s.
 'Others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. Then you destroy yourself.'
 Tupac?
 Where'd you go to school? What do you do? What does your father do? If I don't like all 3 answers, I cut my losses and move on.
 Socialites are just bottom-feeders with money.   They do give mean head though.
 If you're not first in line, you're smelling someone else's ass.
MD  I would vote for Obama... just to watch him age for another 4 years.
 He mentioned his dad dying at least 3 times during the interview.
 What the fuck. This isn't American Idol.
 An AOL email address is like a green Amex.
 She's skinny, pretty hot, and fucks like a fat chick.
 Is she in PR?
: 出る杭は打たれる。
A OK... I'd never date a chick who... 
A Cites the Huffington Post.
A Watches Grey's Anatomy.
A Works in finance. 
 How are you not on Facebook? All of your high school friends probably assume you're dead.
A It's pretty hard for an Asian dude to be cool.
A Especially if he answers the phone with 'Holla'.
A Fuckin' Berkeley.
 How did it go?
 We don't discuss that shit. This isn't Morgan Stanley.
 If I got fired, I'd take a couple years off and sit on my ass.  Nelson Mandela didn't do shit for like 25 years.
ED  I'd almost rather let someone fuck my wife than rent out my beach house. Almost.
 Happy Bonut Day.
 What the hell's a bonut?
 You'll find out soon enough.
 Before you say something is fucked up, don't forget, Newt Gingrich married his high school math teacher.
 If I'm shelling out $600+ on dinner, she can cough up $400 or so for some decent La Perla or Agent Provocateur.
 It's rough. A good friend of mine from Associate training just got laid off. 
 I guess he's not your friend anymore. 
 How did a country whose adults use words like poo, willy, and fanny ever rule the fucking world?
 WASPs kiss their kids on the forehead and their dogs on the mouth.
MD  Greece is like a miserable 40yr old dude. Why wait? Face the inevitable and just get divorced now. #default #CDS
 Prof: Why's it so hard to get a job at Goldman Sachs?
Student: I'm not the right person to ask, I got an offer.
 I literally had to run into Bergdorf on my way and ask them to tie my bow-tie. 
 Wives only do that in the movies.
 S&P gave a big fat thumbs down to the Eurotrash bailout. 
 On to Plan Q.
 One day, I hope I'm rich enough to become a Democrat.
 MD  Let's stuff as many hybrid perpetuals into Asian retail while the sun shines on that trade.
 I don't care how Jewish she is, no chick wants to go back to an apartment in Murray Hill.
 Every time I fly first class to Miami, I feel like I just saved $30,000.
 The PWM chicks know how to dress.  : Pretty good wife material. Hot but not slutty-looking. Smart but not too smart.
 An M3 is for college kids.
MD Today's WSJ print edition is a great way to test your retention of what you should've read y'day on Bloomberg. A 
  We're getting shown a shitload of Morgan Stanley résumés.  Take them out of the trash and send them over to JPMorgan.
 Chivalry is letting the chick still in your bed sleep in, then giving the doorman $100 to go kick her out in an hour. 
 A Boxster is a hairdressers car… Or, at best, something you give a girlfriend.
 Bankers who say they only need 3 hours of sleep must be like bimbo actresses who say they have a really fast metabolism.
PMD  Esposito's gonna get a bump up.
 Orange juice concentrate futures at an all-time high.
 The Dukes are back.
 Some chick asked me what I would do with 10 million bucks. I told her I'd wonder where the rest of my money went.
 She asked for the day off because it's her birthday.
 What the fuck. What is she, 12 years old?
 : No, fuckhead. RBS is not the Central Bank of Scotland.  Who was that, Jon Corzine?
 BAC's eliminating 1/5th of all MDs in Asia. 
 Great. More advisory boutiques started by unemployable washed-up assholes.
 Even with a 50% haircut, Greek debt will be 120% of GDP by 2020. 
 Haircut? They need a good scalping. 
 Cowboys and Athenians.
 Banks paid back all the bailout money with interest. Remind me again when the unions paid back the auto bailout?
 The Obama administration has single-handedly revived the layaway industry.
 It's sweet how my wife thinks the silent treatment is a punishment for me.
 Rules are for the obedience of fools, and the guidance of people like us.
 Europe is starting to make African leaders look competent.
Skirt  I love it when a guy hits on me & then gives me a business card with a gmail account. Asshole, I work at Goldman Sachs.
 Bank of America is the Kmart of banks. 
 Kmart sucks. 
 Thanks, Rain Man. 
 The 40% of Obama voters who don't have jobs aren't getting out of their beanbags to vote this time around.
 Under Bush, 5% unemployment was a disaster. Under Obama 8.5% is a boom. 
 Affirmative action.
  Thinking about it. My GF wants them, and actually thinks they're a present for her.
  Ask Matt Defusco.
A Hey asshole, which one of the P90X steps is it where you have to tell everyone in the fucking office that you're doing it?
 The difference between us and everybody else is that, even in a bad year, we still make the playoffs.
ED : If I ever hear about something I say mentioned on Twitter, I'll fucking kill you.
 Nothing says 'I was a filthy whore last year' like 'I'm giving up hard alcohol in 2012.'
 My girlfriend gave up hard alcohol.
 FIFO / LIFO season re-starts right after comp… First In, First Out… Or, Last in, Fuck Off.
. Marching orders for the media in 2012, 'everything is a sign of a recovery.'
 In 2011, Chinese bought more Lambos & Rolls-Royces than anyone else.
 Social unrest is coming. 900 million have-nots w/ pitchforks.
 Only 55% of Americans between the ages of 16-29 have jobs.
 Fuck them. They got that ass clown elected in the first place.
 I like to ask candidates what song they'd walk out to before a heavyweight title fight. 
 Easy. Ruff Ryders Anthem.
 I measure how hammered I am by my ability to recite every line from 'Caddyshack.'
MD If you're not dead to at least 1 person, you're not living right.
 2 weeks of family time. I'm ready for a FBT to let some bad out.
 FBT?
 Fake Business Trip.
 I'm gonna open a gym that turns into a bar after January.
 She's only about 3 weeks of anorexia away from looking hot. 
 Maybe 4.
1: Look thru her passport. You can usually tell if the relationship is worth pursuing.  3 stamps, and they all say 'Cancun.'
A Think about how much higher unemployment stats would be if so many black guys didn't call themselves 'entrepreneurs.'
 I'm a regular at 4 different Nobu's. 
 2002 me would have been impressed.
 Obama is aging fast enough for Morgan Freeman to play him in a movie.
 What's the most shocking thing a German tourist can say to a hooker… 'Can I pay in Euros?
 What he lacks in social skills, he makes up in wallet.
 You're tired of being an analyst? Get over it. Every great porn star had to do a gay scene once or twice just to move up.
 I can't wait until next week is this week, and this week is last week. And then this year will be last year.
 Told my wife her presents get deferred over 5yrs w/ a clawback if she doesn't behave. And she loses them all if she walks away.
 IQ tests don't mean shit.
 That's just something stupid people say.
 Cigars, watches, wine. I understand that. But Air Jordans?
 Those people are shoe connoisseurs.
 This Christmas, I went to Jared... He works at the Graff on Madison.
 Double-breasted, peak-lapel suits look retarded.
 I have a one-button peak-lapel suit for going out.
 Nah, thats dope.
 That fuckstick is qualified to be an MD in the same way that The Olive Garden is qualified to be Italian food.
 By now, protesters just look like pigeons to me.
  I need at least a few fucking drinks. It's 'Love Actually' night.
 $1,000. I had Andy Rooney, and Amy Winehouse, and Steve Jobs.
 That's awesome.
 : If you don't have it, you don't own it.
 Anyone that puts CFA and MBA on their business card is a cunt.
 Don't bitch about your apartment. If you want a gated house on a golf course, go be some dogshit CFO in Cleveland.
 Scumbag Jimmy Carter sent condolences to North Korea.
 Obama sends his regrets that he never got the chance to bow to KJI.
 Either Facebook sucks, or my friends suck.
 I'm sure that Kim Jong Un is sorely missed by the Xbox community by now.
 I love watching Asian guys smell and swirl their wine obnoxiously. And then their faces get all blotchy. Pussies.
 I'm rich, but not give-up-my-US-passport rich… Yet.
 I help with the recruiting effort, or as I call it, the Office Beautification Project.
  I wish I invested in poverty. It's up 60% since 2001.  We did.
 It's definitely remote-control helicopter week in the office.
 1 in 7 Americans has at least 10 credit cards.
 Fucking morons.
 It feels like it did in '07, but w/ more political uncertainty, and a cracking BRIC.  
 And the Fed's out of bullets.
 What's the difference between John Paulson and Father Christmas?
 What?
 Some people still believe in Father Christmas.
 My charity work begins & ends with black tie galas. And if drunk me is the highest bidder on a signed Springsteen guitar, so be it.
 I don't see any midgets out there protesting any more. I guess they all got seasonal jobs.
 His CV showed him going from MD at Bear Stearns to Director at JPMorgan. He's like the Benjamin Button of finance.
 Fuck that. When I was an analyst, I had to eat an entire 'wasabi roll'. What we called team-building, you faggots call bullying.
 Bribery, corruption… It's the cost of doing business in emerging markets. As Mao said, 'no fish can live in pure water.'
 Chris Farley would have been an awesome Barney Frank.
 But an even better Khloe Kardashian.
 She wants the person I am 10% of the time, 100% of the time. 
 That's you not being you. #EndIt
 I always take chicks to sushi on a first date. Sake is like a legal ruffie.
A I need a buddy system for December; someone to make sure I get home, wake me up on time, and then tell me what happened.
MD  We better win some FinanceAsia awards. 
PMD  Fuck them. They hate us.
 The only reason I do yoga is so I can meet girls.
 I just tell chicks I do yoga.
 He's got 1,800 Facebook friends, and can't get 40 people to go to his wedding.
 Swinging by Tiffany's to buy a gift.  : Why don't you get her something nice?
 Not wearing a watch is the new Patek.
 Europe is one big gordian knot.
 What's that?
 How'd you get this job?
MD This cover-your-ass-and-escalate-all-decisions ethos is bullshit. It never used to be like this. #ABACUS
 If I were single and always sober, I wouldn't need to password lock my iPhone.
A I'm planning a night I won't remember.
 Being a Republican voter is like being a mid-30s chick, you'll just have to settle.  And you've probably had better.
 I bet the 1st time John Paulson had sex, he was awesome. Then a huge disappointment ever since.  Yeah, I'm in his merger arb fund.
 I just typed a long e-mail out on my Blackberry while sitting in front of my computer. Time for a Starbucks run.
 Equity markets have plenty of good news priced in. Rates have plenty of fear built in… And one of them is wrong.
 How'd you get your nails like that? Shiny, but not too shiny.  I get them buffed twice. And no enamel, too over-the-top for a guy.
 I saw John Voight last night.
 The dentist?
 Seeing Jerry Seinfeld tonight at Lincoln Center.
 I'd be jealous if it was 1996.
Skirt I have a Birkin bag, but I think it's totally inappropriate for client meetings.
 If you don't know who Lew Glucksman was, you don't belong on the trading floor.
 You don't belong on Wall Street.
 Dude, you can't call someone Corky.
 It's a make-or-break week for Europe. 
 They say that every week...The EU has more rescue plans than Obama has vacation days.
 A red pen on the trading floor used to get an analyst shit-canned.
 Still would, if caught by the right person.
 Old school.
 Bareback is the new 3rd base.
 I love living in Greenwich, especially for the way the town politely whispers 'Fuck yourself.' #EyesWideShut
  Miami this weekend.  Where you staying?  Haven't booked yet. Planning's for the poor.
 If it weren't for Asians, Americans wouldn't look so fat.
 Dude, New Yorkers make Americans look fat.
 Climbing Mount Everest is the hardest thing I've ever done on my résumé.
 If they want Facebook allocations next year, they have to support us on Zynga now.
 Surprised Facebook doesn't try a Google.
Skirt  Newt's an angry, smug, condescending philanderer. 
Suit  I know. He's awesome.
 A protester sees my Benz, and wants to rip me out of it. A real man sees my car, and wants to work hard so he can buy it one day.
 The Chow Tai Fook orderbook is the who's who of Asian oligarchs.
 'Oligarchs' is one of my favorite euphemisms.
 Most Brits aren't gay, but their socks are.
 Since the ECB doesn't have any real plan, they don't need a backup plan.
 I always thought he was a closeted homosexual. 
 It's possible that he's just a closeted European.
 In times like these, I wish I was a black, pregnant woman. #YouCantFireMe
 I really do hope they have golf in Hell.
DCM The 'track changes' function is an easy reminder as to why I never became a securities lawyer.
Skirt  called me 'Sunshine.'  I don't know if I should pick out names for our kids, or file a lawsuit.
 Mezvinsky won't have any trouble raising money. 
 His pitch is gonna be so simple: BIll Clinton.
 A lot of people who start their own business do it because they're unemployable. 
 Yup. Look at Meredith Whitney.
 1. I keep telling people... if you're not panicking, you're not paying attention.
 Baoxin deal is struggling?
 Morgan Stanley. What do you expect.
 Americans don't know how to buy suits. Too big. No tapering. Baggy pants. Cuffs.
 Maybe we just don't take ourselves that seriously.
MD Going to a meeting with Gene is a bit like teeing off immediately after the 4some in front lets you play through.
 The best nicknames I have for people are ones that I can never call them.
 I just rotate between Bubba, Chico, and Fuckstick.
 People on the sell-side should never use silver dots on Bloomberg. 
 No way. It's great for ignoring IB chat requests.
 The age of consent laws should be different for Asian chicks.  Sometimes, I cant tell if they're 14 or 40.
 Let's get one thing straight. Mark Zuckerberg is a fucking loser.
 They need to wake the fuck up. They have clean water, food, shelter, and personal freedoms. America's 99% are the 1% of the world.
 What a douche. He's telling everyone how he's going down to Miami for Art Basel.
 I hope he gets fired.
 This market is tough to read.  It's like seeing a normal-looking guy with some fat chick. Just makes no fucking sense.
 This market is like watching Michael J. Fox play Jenga. #EURUSD
1: Looks like the 99% has plenty of money for carts full of shit they don't need from Best Buy.
2: And NOW they're cool with pepper spray.
 I have a large family. Using NetJets is almost cost-effective. 
 Certainly is when you factor in the value of time saved.
 I love when my girlfriend works late. I can drink 6 beers and play 2 hours of Mario Kart before she gets home.
 The difference between petting and hitting a dog is it's tolerance for pain. Same goes for 1st year analysts.
 Daimler is shutting down the Maybach brand.
 I wouldn't want to be the guy that has to tell Rick Ross.
 They shouldn't blame me personally. I'm not the one who told them student loans were an investment. #OWS
 Black Friday is the Special Olympics of capitalism.
 The Redskins should play every Thanksgiving... And have to lose.
 It used to be that if you could predict a market event, you could predict a market response. Now, you cant predict either.
 I don't care how into the environment she says she is.  No chick wants to be picked up in a Chevy Volt. 
 I spent a week on the road seeing buy-side custies. All very smart guys. 
 And?
 Pretty clear consensus. We're so fucked.
 I'm long GBP against the Euro. RAVs will always flock to the UK, now more than ever. #RussiansArabsVillains
 BAC flirting with a $4-handle.
 Time for Buffett to bust out his soapbox again.
 Last night, I brought new meaning to the term 'stimulus package.'
Suit Brooks Brothers? Suit  Charvet.
 Reason No. 427 why things will get worse before they get better.  Seeing more people pay with credit cards at Starbucks.
 I don't care. I would totally hire an illegal as a housekeeper.
 I have.
 I have a thing for chicks who get drunk on mimosas.
 There should be enough leftover white meat from the Kardashian Thanksgiving to feed most of Occupy whatever.
 I have a serious craving for some Per Se gnocchi.
 I don't need a Michelin guide to tell me what good food tastes like.
  I would use reusable grocery bags, but I just don't fucking care.  I haven't been to a grocery store in about 5 years.
 Get ready for the exodus of talent.
 It'll be good for the economy. The educated, smart, & hungry dispersing into other areas.
 My favorite part of dinner with my fiancé is when she goes to the bathroom and I can check my Blackberry.
 Still not bad enough for people to Occupy Detroit.
 I'll give $1mm to charity if u can get Dick Grasso to go outside the NYSE and yell, 'Do not pass go, do not collect $200.'
 He can't pull off Veneta loafers. 
 Certainly not with pleated pants.
 The Euro better fucking collapse. I have a 10-day Amalfi honeymoon to pay for next summer.
1: Donald Trump is a scumbag.
2 : We should remind #OWS that the atrium of Trump Tower is legally designated 'public space.'
 I would join them, but I have to occupy this job so I can go home and occupy my wife.
 It's going to be a long 6 months for most Groupon execs. #liquid
 If Occupy Wall Street had happened 15 or 20 years ago, Obama would've been right out there with them, 'organizing.'
 Life is short.
 It's the longest thing I'll ever do.
1: My professor at Wharton always said, 'you can marry more money in 5 minutes than you can make in a lifetime, even at Goldman Sachs.'
 He can't pull off the Movember look. He looks like a 4th grade Mexican kid.
 Or Paul Pierce.
Skirt My MD keeps hitting on me. Its so gross. Skirt So what? Skirt His Facebook profile picture is of his wife's ultrasound.
 Congress is allowed to trade on insider information. 
 And only half of them are millionaires. 
 Losers.
 Football is probably the only thing that reminds unemployed people that tomorrow is Monday.
 ... Having no Internet history is an omission of guilt.
 Don't confuse friends, work friends, and friends of convenience.
 New World, Emperor Group, Lai Sun. I wouldn't call them gangsters, but…
 T.I.A. baby
 Berlusconi’s been ostracized into a life of luxury & banging teenage whores.
 Could be worse.
 Occupy Wall Street is no more than a really elaborate Planned Parenthood publicity stunt.
A There should be a cost-of-living adjustment in the tax code. NYC is fucking expensive.
 Tough shit. It's the price of admission.
Skirt She always tells me that she loves my outfit.
Skirt That means she hates it.
 I don't need coffee.
 Good for you, man.

 Fuckin' douchebag.
 He doesn't know shit about high yield bond covenants. Seriously, that would be like Tom Cruise talking about vaginas.
  The gold that Germany stole from Greece during WW2 would more than cover their current obligations.
 Come off it, mate.
MD Never forget... Hope is a poor hedge.
 Age is just a number. The more important number is how hot she is out of 10.
 Congrats on the Yelp IPO.
 It feels a lot better without Morgan Stanley on the top line.

 Great minds think alike.
 So do dirty ones.
A I didn't go to bed last night. 
A Can't be that busy?
A Nah dude. New Call of Duty.
 Pomegranate juice is the shit. 
 You know that doesn't automatically cancel out all the bad things that you put in your body.
 Getting laid off from Goldman is like being traded by the Yankees. You'll probably still make millions, but it's just not the same.
 I think she's a hardcore liberal. She's always talking about shit she reads on Gawker.
 Dump her.
 A year from now, he'll be the guy that starts off every sentence with 'When I was at Goldman Sachs…'
 I hate those people.
 No one should walk a mile in my shoes. Pradas get scuffed up easily.
 The only reason I have a home phone is so I can find my cell phone.
 Our maid does that.
 1% of the private sector are millionaires, but 50% of congress is?
 Yup. Those idiots are protesting the wrong crooks.
 ___ _______ _________?
 Probably, but Morgan Stanley was left lead.
#GRPN
 Occupy Wall Street should leave us alone and take on pop culture. Go after the people that put on a $10 million TV wedding.
 Nothing says 1% like a navy pinstripe, two vents, no pleats. Gucci loafers.
 1% riot gear.
 If we're being politically correct these days, I'd love to see a multi-racial, slightly obese nativity scene somewhere this year.
 People with beards are mostly sociopaths. Corzine, Bernanke, Krugman.
 : Chaz Bono.
 The Euro is dead. They're just bickering over who pays for the funeral.
  : Sometimes the only solution is lots and lots of booze.
 Yo, will you grab me a grande pumpkin spice latte.
 No, but I'll get you a latte.
A If a girl doesn't respond to my texts immediately, I lose interest. 
A I don't even have time to meet girls.
 : My Mom always said I was 'one-in-a-million.' 
 So, that means there are 7,000 people just like you.
  How long before somebody dies in Zuccotti?
 I'll make a market at 27-32 days. $20 a day. 
 Yours. #OWS
 Groupon works. In this economy, people aren't afraid to use coupons for sushi and pedicures.
 Food stamps for the middle class.
 We're going to dress up as Wiseguys for Halloween. Flashy suits & cheap jewelry.
 People will just think you work at Morgan Stanley.
 Looking good, Billy Ray.
 : Feeling good, Louis.
 Anyone who thought Corzine understood risk is an idiot.
 Remember his car crash in '07. No seat belt. Going 90 MPH. 
 Retarded.
 Right after comp, I bet a bunch of SSG's key guys quit for the buy-side. 
 Jason Brown also?
 Well, McGoldrick has no complaints.
1: I went as the mayhem guy from the Allstate commercials. But people assumed I was a banker-who-got-his-ass-kicked. #HalloweenFail
 With their liberal arts degrees, you'd think these protesters could make better signs.
 : Hence 'unemployed.'
1: We're thinking about sending a few cases of Wild Turkey to Zuccotti & then watching the chaos on TV from the comfort of my couch.
  Riding the subway reminds me why I am pro-choice.
 How did we go from 'sexy boots' to 'lesbian boots' weather in less than a week?
 Money might not buy happiness, but I'd rather be sad in here than freezing my ass off in Zuccotti Park.
 Money buys happiness.
 Karaoke'd God Bless America and almost started a riot.
 Fuckin' 99 percenters.
 He's the kind of asshole that probably has every season of 'Entourage' on DVD.
Skirt  It really hurts my feelings when an ugly guy hits on me.
 Gweilo  It's pretty amazing how many people in Chengdu say their name is Ross, Rachel, Chandler, or Monica.
 It's comical how all of these protesters are coordinating and tweeting from their Apple iPhones.
 I'm wearing my suit with a name-tag that says 1%. #Halloween
 Every disaster movie has a black guy as President to save the day.
 And now when we get a real disaster, look what happens.
1: Whenever I see a white girl holding hands with an Asian guy, I get the next chopper to Macau and bet big.
2: I'm the same with albinos.
 I don't remember reading about rapes, drug busts and child prostitution at Tea Party rallies. #OWS
 They shouldn't fucking forget. The top 1% pays more than 40% of the taxes. So we bailed us out. #OWS didnt do shit.
 $180k for a degree in Womyn's Studies from Tufts. 
 And they wonder why they're sleeping in a park.
 I don't need gout to tell me that I live decadently. Amex does that.
 I always tell my Chinese clients, 'Being morally bankrupt won’t affect your credit rating.'
  I hate people that drink slowly, and then look at me like I have a problem when I order another one.
 I still haven't figured what's better… Real boobs and a fake personality. Or the other way around. 
 Increase the sample size.
GSSG  Yvonne Low has a slightly different sales tactic than Emily Sim had in her prime.
 Too bad they're both married now.
 You hear Brad Levy is moving to Colorado?
 I guess pumping 22yr old interns catches up to you.
 I'd take that trade.
 It's not a hangover if you're dead inside.
 Her entire face is a tramp stamp.
1: But she went to a good school.
2: She transferred in. That’s like a reverse merger; you get on the exchange but w/o the same scrutiny.
 Giuliani says he would've cleared all the protestors out without a permit.
 I remember when New York had a mayor.
 Alec Baldwin is despicable.
 He fits my vision of a Macy's menswear salesman with a coke habit.
1: Since we're villainized as banksters, future rappers will take names like John Mack'n or Lloyd Blank-Firin'.
2: Mike Milky. Old school.
 When I walked in, I nodded at the lone Asian protester. Life probably didn't work out quite as he planned when he was at Berkeley.
 The HK-LHR night flight w/ a few drinks and a Xanax is the only time I ever get 8+ hours of sleep. So yeah, I love coming to London.
A I'm sympathetic to a jobs crisis. But most people I see outside don't look suited for ANY job. 
A Let's go get fucked up.
 Apparently, the world population will reach 7 billion in the next few days.
 Whats that multiplied by 0.01?

 I'd never hire anyone that wears a Hublot to an interview.
 Or a college kid in a Hermes tie.
1: A guy yells at me, 'Bankers have no imagination to actually create & make money.'
2: At least you don't have to imagine having money.
1: HK chicks go to China to buy fake Louis Vuitton shit & mainlanders come to HK to buy the real shit. 
2: So then who shops at Coach?
 What kind of retard thinks 'bankster' is an insult?
 Yeah, that's like calling a rapper Vito Corleone. They'd love that shit.
 These idiots don't know that Ben & Jerry's is owned by Unilever, which has insanely aggressive capitalist policies in emerging mkts.
PMD: Why do we bother with investment grade Korea deals for dogshit fees. It won't get any of us paid.
1: No real money or retail bid. Credit hedge funds sidelined. We can shut our Asian HY business for the year.
2: I didn't know we had one.
A Bill Gates has a 15-year old daughter.
A Shit. I can wait 3 years.
A Less than that if she does semester abroad somewhere cool.
 About fucking time... It's skirts, black tights, and boots weather in New York.
  Benjamin Ng won't take that fucking earpiece out, ever. Thank Christ we didn't hire him.
 I highly doubt we've ever hired anyone who listed 'camping' as an interest on their résumé.
 Some of these chicks are hot… in a Vermont kind of way.
#occupywallstreet.
1: Scary to think. Those angry Prols are the same kind of people that prepare our food.
2: Eat Subway. They can't spit on it to your face.
1: Watches don't matter . I rock a Nike watch.
2: If you want watches to matter, go work at Citi or Wells Fargo.
 'Equities in Dallas' doesn't seem so bad nowadays.
 I felt like saying, 'In the nude... Thats how I fucking sleep at night.'
 : Dumb bitch. #occupywallstreet.
 I wish soccer was more popular here so that our unwashed masses would have something to live vicariously through.
1: Wonder if these fuckers know what Frette sheets feel like?
2 : Or my Hastens mattress.
1: Sympatico. 1/3rd of our lives, dude.
 I was gonna take her on another date, but then I listened to Jobs' commencement speech.... 'Keep looking. Don't settle.'
  My garbage disposal eats better than 98% of the world. #occupywallstreet
Skirt I have nothing in common with my housewife friends. It's baby showers and shopping.
Skirt Wine and Xanax is my common thread.
 I own Apple stock at $175.
 You also own Goldman stock at $175.
 David Ryan was wearing a pale yellow Ferragamo tie. 
 So?
 It matched his teeth.
 F you. He's one of the nicest guys here.
 Imagine the scenario, 'Mom. Can you buy me a Sharpie? And I need train money to NY.' 'Timmy, can't you protest around here.' 
 Why are we are getting vilified? Look at what Google or GE do. Booking revenue offshore and avoiding  taxes. 
 Heavy lies the crown.
 I don't even remember how I managed to ignore my wife at dinner before the Blackberry era.
 People love to pick on us, but we'll be fine.
 Yup, I haven't asked how much something costs in years. And that won't change.
 All of these overeducated unemployed losers voted for Obama. 
 Challenge on 'overeducated'.
 It's all relative. #occupywallstreet
 Who uses the Brooklyn Bridge anyway?  Call me when they shut down Jean-Georges. #occupywallstreet
 I wish I could walk around with a sterilizer gun. Some people just shouldn't be allowed to reproduce.
MD Who doesn't grow up wanting to work for Goldman?
 Lets get a sky ad: 'Take a shower. Get a job. Make some $$. Buy the shit you want. It ain't rocket science.'  : Totes.
 9 out of 10 of those protesters would trade their life for mine any day.  I'm on track to retire before my sons start Little League.
MD This anti-bullying shit is retarded. I want graduates who'll survive on the trading floor, not walking lawsuits. The shit I went thru.
FID We should buy Greece and tell Dodd and Frank to fuck off.
 They look at me like I'm the Devil. Bullshit. I facilitate global liquidity. The world wouldn't exist without it, or me. #Psalm24:4
 I met with Geithner. Seriously, his breath would knock a buzzard off a shitwagon.
 These dirtbag protesters are annoying the hell out of me.
 Tell me about it. I feel like I am back at Brown. #CullTheIvyLeague
 I haven't seen a single hot chick protesting outside. That can't be a coincidence. #occupywallstreet
 If we weren't aiming for perfection, we wouldn't be Goldman Sachs.

 Volcker rules will kill all trading desks.
 Getting paid just from fees is retarded.
 Get ready for a bunch of new funds.
FID Hong Kong sales can expense 'karaoke' bars where girls go home with you, and I get shit about a $1k dinner. Fuck that. #RosaParks
  Why do NY guys get involved in EEMEA deals?
  Citi is the worst but Espo is tight with P.Y.
 Yeah, G.H. is a scumbag.
 VIX above 40.
  Whenever you think, 'I’ve done way riskier shit than this,' remember: Steve Irwin was killed by a fish.
 You see that insider trading story?
 The most embarrassing thing is that he only made like $60k.
 If you're gonna do it, DO it!
 I hate to say it but people do look cooler when they're smoking a cigarette. 
 Totally agree.
 I always stand further back from the urinal so people think my dick's bigger.
 What happens if they look over.
 They never look.
 Buy an Analyst a woman and you get him laid for a night. Teach an Analyst to womanize and you get him laid for a lifetime.
#awesomeboss
A : I was going to make a sign... Goldman Sachs: Win, cheat, or quit. We don't fucking lose - ever.  #occupywallstreet
 :  Instead of 'Leadership Skills,' they should just call it 'How to be a Cunt.'
 Suit Hong Kong was great, except for all the Chinese people.
 I ate an entire pineapple for lunch. Liz is in for a treat tonight.
 Good luck, Pavlov.
MD : I tried listening to Hot 97, but honestly, sometimes I can't tell the difference between the songs and the commercials.
 I was on Bloomberg Anywhere @ 4am. A sea of red.
 Bloodbath.
 F*cking Greece.
  Definitely a 'Venti' morning.
Analyst  She lives in Harlem.
Analyst  What the f*ck. We do God's work, not social work.
 My MD was leafing thru the Bonham's catalogue & dog-earred some Banksy screenprints.  That is everything that's wrong in the world.
 Are gingers part of our diversity program?
 I'd rather have full-on alopecia than be ginger.
 Saw this new kid on the floor wearing Ferragamo loafers.
 They used to throw stuff at you for that.
 
 My MD asked her Aren't u glad u snagged a Goldman banker. She said Actually, we've been dating since Lehman. She was so pissed.

 Unemployment rate for people that voted for Obama is probably 25-30%.
 They get what they deserve.

FID You look like u didn't go home last night.
IBD You look like u don't remember getting home last night.
 Suit Tiger Woods would make a kick-ass coverage banker for our Korea team. #clientslovegolfandhookers
 Are you going to the Analyst drinks tonight?
 I'd rather watch my parents f*ck.
 We started a rumor with our analyst pool that they'll be drug tested this week... And a few of them are freaking out.
 She's cool. How'd you guys meet?
  A Fashion Meets Finance event.
 No, seriously?
1: I'm like 85% sure I saw John Stamos at Nobu last night.
2: If it was really Stamos, you'd be 100% sure.
#bromance

Analyst He said 'Coffee's for closers.' I wanted to punch him in the face.
Analyst What a tool.
Suit Irene f*cked up my weekend. Next available flight is in economy.
Suit I would rather not fly.
Suit Nice suit.
Suit Had it made on last trip to Hong Kong…  Dressing British, thinking Yiddish.
Suit Was that really an earthquake?
Suit No, I just dropped my wallet.

  Have you seen ______'s analyst. She's only about 3 weeks of anorexia away from looking hot.
 Maybe 4.
Suit Who was that guy?
Suit He runs the SLC office.
Suit  We have an office there? What the hell for?
MD:  Fuck you. Hangs up. Good Morning.
  Do u think he tells chicks he works at Goldman Sachs?  Of course, he doesn't just clean up at work.
 I bet Espo's wife is pretty hot.
 . 
 Saw someone using Groupon yesterday for ice cream.
 thats f**ked up.
#ACSOI
Thx but I'm gonna go with Jeff. The seaplane from westside is much quicker than battling traffic to the east side heliport. 3pm today
 Trader  - I saw LB in the locker room other day, that's 1 hairy man!
Trader  - Haha, that's nasty! You want my shake shack?
 Skirt Just so u know, u really shouldn't wear a Hermes scarf as belt until you are at least an ED.
Hot Associate: 
 Suit Wish Obama had raised the jet tax. Teterboro is a zoo
Suit 
  I havent banged an analyst since I left JPMorgan.
 Seriously?
 You can't spell genius without a G and a S 
 You don't know who Woody is? He has his own jet. Google him
Into cell phone : Goldman F&%#king Sachs, Ever Heard of it? before getting disconnected in the lift
